# 351
A company is moving its data management application to AWS. The company wants to transition to an event-driven architecture. The architecture needs to be more distributed and to use serverless concepts while performing the different aspects of the workflow. The company also wants to minimize operational overhead.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Build out the workflow in AWS Glue. Use AWS Glue to invoke AWS Lambda functions to process the workflow steps.

B. Build out the workflow in AWS Step Functions. Deploy the application on Amazon EC2 instances. Use Step Functions to invoke the workflow steps on the EC2 instances.

C. Build out the workflow in Amazon EventBridge. Use EventBridge to invoke AWS Lambda functions on a schedule to process the workflow steps.

D. Build out the workflow in AWS Step Functions. Use Step Functions to create a state machine. Use the state machine to invoke AWS Lambda functions to process the workflow steps.

# 352
A company is designing the network for an online multi-player game. The game uses the UDP networking protocol and will be deployed in eight AWS Regions. The network architecture needs to minimize latency and packet loss to give end users a high-quality gaming experience.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Setup a transit gateway in each Region. Create inter-Region peering attachments between each transit gateway.
B. Set up AWS Global Accelerator with UDP listeners and endpoint groups in each Region.
C. Set up Amazon CloudFront with UDP turned on. Configure an origin in each Region.
D. Set up a VPC peering mesh between each Region. Turn on UDP for each VPC.

# 353
A company hosts a three-tier web application on Amazon EC2 instances in a single Availability Zone. The web application uses a self-managed MySQL database that is hosted on an EC2 instance to store data in an Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume. The MySQL database currently uses a 1 TB Provisioned IOPS SSD (io2) EBS volume. The company expects traffic of 1,000 IOPS for both reads and writes at peak traffic.

The company wants to minimize any disruptions, stabilize performance, and reduce costs while retaining the capacity for double the IOPS. The company wants to move the database tier to a fully managed solution that is highly available and fault tolerant.

Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?

A. Use a Multi-AZ deployment of an Amazon RDS for MySQL DB instance with an io2 Block Express EBS volume.

B. Use a Multi-AZ deployment of an Amazon RDS for MySQL DB instance with a General Purpose SSD (gp2) EBS volume.

C. Use Amazon S3 Intelligent-Tiering access tiers.

D. Use two large EC2 instances to host the database in active-passive mode.

# 354
A company hosts a serverless application on AWS. The application uses Amazon API Gateway, AWS Lambda, and an Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL database. The company notices an increase in application errors that result from database connection timeouts during times of peak traffic or unpredictable traffic. The company needs a solution that reduces the application failures with the least amount of change to the code.

What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements?

A. Reduce the Lambda concurrency rate.
B. Enable RDS Proxy on the RDS DB instance.
C. Resize the RDS DB instance class to accept more connections.
D. Migrate the database to Amazon DynamoDB with on-demand scaling.

# 355
A company is migrating an old application to AWS. The application runs a batch job every hour and is CPU intensive. The batch job takes 15 minutes on average with an on-premises server. The server has 64 virtual CPU (vCPU) and 512 GiB of memory.

Which solution will run the batch job within 15 minutes with the LEAST operational overhead?

A. Use AWS Lambda with functional scaling.
B. Use Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) with AWS Fargate.
C. Use Amazon Lightsail with AWS Auto Scaling.
D. Use AWS Batch on Amazon EC2.


# 356
A company stores its data objects in Amazon S3 Standard storage. A solutions architect has found that 75% of the data is rarely accessed after 30 days. The company needs all the data to remain immediately accessible with the same high availability and resiliency, but the company wants to minimize storage costs.

Which storage solution will meet these requirements?

A. Move the data objects to S3 Glacier Deep Archive after 30 days.
B. Move the data objects to S3 Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA) after 30 days.
C. Move the data objects to S3 One Zone-Infrequent Access (S3 One Zone-IA) after 30 days.
D. Move the data objects to S3 One Zone-Infrequent Access (S3 One Zone-IA) immediately.

# 357
A gaming company is moving its public scoreboard from a data center to the AWS Cloud. The company uses Amazon EC2 Windows Server instances behind an Application Load Balancer to host its dynamic application. The company needs a highly available storage solution for the application. The application consists of static files and dynamic server-side code.

Which combination of steps should a solutions architect take to meet these requirements? (Choose two.)

A. Store the static files on Amazon S3. Use Amazon CloudFront to cache objects at the edge.
B. Store the static files on Amazon S3. Use Amazon ElastiCache to cache objects at the edge.
C. Store the server-side code on Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS). Mount the EFS volume on each EC2 instance to share the files.
D. Store the server-side code on Amazon FSx for Windows File Server. Mount the FSx for Windows File Server volume on each EC2 instance to share the files.
E. Store the server-side code on a General Purpose SSD (gp2) Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume. Mount the EBS volume on each EC2 instance to share the files.

# 358
A social media company runs its application on Amazon EC2 instances behind an Application Load Balancer (ALB). The ALB is the origin for an Amazon CloudFront distribution. The application has more than a billion images stored in an Amazon S3 bucket and processes thousands of images each second. The company wants to resize the images dynamically and serve appropriate formats to clients.

Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?

A. Install an external image management library on an EC2 instance. Use the image management library to process the images.

B. Create a CloudFront origin request policy. Use the policy to automatically resize images and to serve the appropriate format based on the User-Agent HTTP header in the request.

C. Use a Lambda@Edge function with an external image management library. Associate the Lambda@Edge function with the CloudFront behaviors that serve the images.

D. Create a CloudFront response headers policy. Use the policy to automatically resize images and to serve the appropriate format based on the User-Agent HTTP header in the request.

# 359
A hospital needs to store patient records in an Amazon S3 bucket. The hospital’s compliance team must ensure that all protected health information (PHI) is encrypted in transit and at rest. The compliance team must administer the encryption key for data at rest.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Create a public SSL/TLS certificate in AWS Certificate Manager (ACM). Associate the certificate with Amazon S3. Configure default encryption for each S3 bucket to use server-side encryption with AWS KMS keys (SSE-KMS). Assign the compliance team to manage the KMS keys.

B. Use the aws:SecureTransport condition on S3 bucket policies to allow only encrypted connections over HTTPS (TLS). Configure default encryption for each S3 bucket to use server-side encryption with S3 managed encryption keys (SSE-S3). Assign the compliance team to manage the SSE-S3 keys.

C. Use the aws:SecureTransport condition on S3 bucket policies to allow only encrypted connections over HTTPS (TLS). Configure default encryption for each S3 bucket to use server-side encryption with AWS KMS keys (SSE-KMS). Assign the compliance team to manage the KMS keys.

D. Use the aws:SecureTransport condition on S3 bucket policies to allow only encrypted connections over HTTPS (TLS). Use Amazon Macie to protect the sensitive data that is stored in Amazon S3. Assign the compliance team to manage Macie.

# 360
A company uses Amazon API Gateway to run a private gateway with two REST APIs in the same VPC. The BuyStock RESTful web service calls the CheckFunds RESTful web service to ensure that enough funds are available before a stock can be purchased. The company has noticed in the VPC flow logs that the BuyStock RESTful web service calls the CheckFunds RESTful web service over the internet instead of through the VPC. A solutions architect must implement a solution so that the APIs communicate through the VPC.

Which solution will meet these requirements with the FEWEST changes to the code?

A. Add an X-API-Key header in the HTTP header for authorization.
B. Use an interface endpoint.
C. Use a gateway endpoint.
D. Add an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue between the two REST APIs.



# 361
A company hosts a multiplayer gaming application on AWS. The company wants the application to read data with sub-millisecond latency and run one-time queries on historical data.

Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?

A. Use Amazon RDS for data that is frequently accessed. Run a periodic custom script to export the data to an Amazon S3 bucket.
B. Store the data directly in an Amazon S3 bucket. Implement an S3 Lifecycle policy to move older data to S3 Glacier Deep Archive for long-term storage. Run one-time queries on the data in Amazon S3 by using Amazon Athena.
C. Use Amazon DynamoDB with DynamoDB Accelerator (DAX) for data that is frequently accessed. Export the data to an Amazon S3 bucket by using DynamoDB table export. Run one-time queries on the data in Amazon S3 by using Amazon Athena.
D. Use Amazon DynamoDB for data that is frequently accessed. Turn on streaming to Amazon Kinesis Data Streams. Use Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose to read the data from Kinesis Data Streams. Store the records in an Amazon S3 bucket.

# 362
A company uses a payment processing system that requires messages for a particular payment ID to be received in the same order that they were sent. Otherwise, the payments might be processed incorrectly.

Which actions should a solutions architect take to meet this requirement? (Choose two.)

A. Write the messages to an Amazon DynamoDB table with the payment ID as the partition key.

B. Write the messages to an Amazon Kinesis data stream with the payment ID as the partition key.

C. Write the messages to an Amazon ElastiCache for Memcached cluster with the payment ID as the key.

D. Write the messages to an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue. Set the message attribute to use the payment ID.

E. Write the messages to an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) FIFO queue. Set the message group to use the payment ID.

# 363
A company is building a game system that needs to send unique events to separate leaderboard, matchmaking, and authentication services concurrently. The company needs an AWS event-driven system that guarantees the order of the events.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Amazon EventBridge event bus
B. Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) FIFO topics
C. Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) standard topics
D. Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) FIFO queues

# 364
A hospital is designing a new application that gathers symptoms from patients. The hospital has decided to use Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) and Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) in the architecture.

A solutions architect is reviewing the infrastructure design. Data must be encrypted at rest and in transit. Only authorized personnel of the hospital should be able to access the data.

Which combination of steps should the solutions architect take to meet these requirements? (Choose two.)

A. Turn on server-side encryption on the SQS components. Update the default key policy to restrict key usage to a set of authorized principals.

B. Turn on server-side encryption on the SNS components by using an AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) customer managed key. Apply a key policy to restrict key usage to a set of authorized principals.

C. Turn on encryption on the SNS components. Update the default key policy to restrict key usage to a set of authorized principals. Set a condition in the topic policy to allow only encrypted connections over TLS.

D. Turn on server-side encryption on the SQS components by using an AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) customer managed key. Apply a key policy to restrict key usage to a set of authorized principals. Set a condition in the queue policy to allow only encrypted connections over TLS.

E. Turn on server-side encryption on the SQS components by using an AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) customer managed key. Apply an IAM policy to restrict key usage to a set of authorized principals. Set a condition in the queue policy to allow only encrypted connections over TLS.

# 365
A company runs a web application that is backed by Amazon RDS. A new database administrator caused data loss by accidentally editing information in a database table. To help recover from this type of incident, the company wants the ability to restore the database to its state from 5 minutes before any change within the last 30 days.

Which feature should the solutions architect include in the design to meet this requirement?

A. Read replicas
B. Manual snapshots
C. Automated backups
D. Multi-AZ deployments

# 366
A company’s web application consists of an Amazon API Gateway API in front of an AWS Lambda function and an Amazon DynamoDB database. The Lambda function handles the business logic, and the DynamoDB table hosts the data. The application uses Amazon Cognito user pools to identify the individual users of the application. A solutions architect needs to update the application so that only users who have a subscription can access premium content.

Which solution will meet this requirement with the LEAST operational overhead?

---

회사의 웹 애플리케이션은 AWS Lambda 함수 앞에 있는 Amazon API Gateway API와 Amazon DynamoDB 데이터베이스로 구성됩니다. Lambda 함수는 비즈니스 로직을 처리하고 DynamoDB 테이블은 데이터를 호스팅합니다. 애플리케이션은 Amazon Cognito 사용자 풀을 사용하여 애플리케이션의 개별 사용자를 식별합니다. 솔루션 아키텍트는 구독이 있는 사용자만 프리미엄 콘텐츠에 액세스할 수 있도록 애플리케이션을 업데이트해야 합니다.

어떤 솔루션이 최소한의 운영 오버헤드로 이 요구 사항을 충족할까요?

---

A. Enable API caching and throttling on the API Gateway API.
B. Set up AWS WAF on the API Gateway API. Create a rule to filter users who have a subscription.
C. Apply fine-grained IAM permissions to the premium content in the DynamoDB table.
D. Implement API usage plans and API keys to limit the access of users who do not have a subscription.

---

A. API Gateway API에서 API 캐싱 및 제한을 활성화합니다.
B. API Gateway API에서 AWS WAF를 설정합니다. 구독이 있는 사용자를 필터링하는 규칙을 만듭니다.
C. DynamoDB 테이블의 프리미엄 콘텐츠에 세분화된 IAM 권한을 적용합니다.
D. API 사용 계획과 API 키를 구현하여 구독이 없는 사용자의 액세스를 제한합니다.

---

# 367
A company is using Amazon Route 53 latency-based routing to route requests to its UDP-based application for users around the world. The application is hosted on redundant servers in the company's on-premises data centers in the United States, Asia, and Europe. The company’s compliance requirements state that the application must be hosted on premises. The company wants to improve the performance and availability of the application.

What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements?

A. Configure three Network Load Balancers (NLBs) in the three AWS Regions to address the on-premises endpoints. Create an accelerator by using AWS Global Accelerator, and register the NLBs as its endpoints. Provide access to the application by using a CNAME that points to the accelerator DNS.
B. Configure three Application Load Balancers (ALBs) in the three AWS Regions to address the on-premises endpoints. Create an accelerator by using AWS Global Accelerator, and register the ALBs as its endpoints. Provide access to the application by using a CNAME that points to the accelerator DNS.
C. Configure three Network Load Balancers (NLBs) in the three AWS Regions to address the on-premises endpoints. In Route 53, create a latency-based record that points to the three NLBs, and use it as an origin for an Amazon CloudFront distribution. Provide access to the application by using a CNAME that points to the CloudFront DNS.
D. Configure three Application Load Balancers (ALBs) in the three AWS Regions to address the on-premises endpoints. In Route 53, create a latency-based record that points to the three ALBs, and use it as an origin for an Amazon CloudFront distribution. Provide access to the application by using a CNAME that points to the CloudFront DNS.

# 368
A solutions architect wants all new users to have specific complexity requirements and mandatory rotation periods for IAM user passwords.

What should the solutions architect do to accomplish this?

A. Set an overall password policy for the entire AWS account.
B. Set a password policy for each IAM user in the AWS account.
C. Use third-party vendor software to set password requirements.
D. Attach an Amazon CloudWatch rule to the Create_newuser event to set the password with the appropriate requirements.


# 369
A company has migrated an application to Amazon EC2 Linux instances. One of these EC2 instances runs several 1-hour tasks on a schedule. These tasks were written by different teams and have no common programming language. The company is concerned about performance and scalability while these tasks run on a single instance. A solutions architect needs to implement a solution to resolve these concerns.

Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?

A. Use AWS Batch to run the tasks as jobs. Schedule the jobs by using Amazon EventBridge (Amazon CloudWatch Events).
B. Convert the EC2 instance to a container. Use AWS App Runner to create the container on demand to run the tasks as jobs.
C. Copy the tasks into AWS Lambda functions. Schedule the Lambda functions by using Amazon EventBridge (Amazon CloudWatch Events).
D. Create an Amazon Machine Image (AMI) of the EC2 instance that runs the tasks. Create an Auto Scaling group with the AMI to run multiple copies of the instance.


# 370
A company runs a public three-tier web application in a VPC. The application runs on Amazon EC2 instances across multiple Availability Zones. The EC2 instances that run in private subnets need to communicate with a license server over the internet. The company needs a managed solution that minimizes operational maintenance.

Which solution meets these requirements?

A. Provision a NAT instance in a public subnet. Modify each private subnet's route table with a default route that points to the NAT instance.
B. Provision a NAT instance in a private subnet. Modify each private subnet's route table with a default route that points to the NAT instance.
C. Provision a NAT gateway in a public subnet. Modify each private subnet's route table with a default route that points to the NAT gateway.
D. Provision a NAT gateway in a private subnet. Modify each private subnet's route table with a default route that points to the NAT gateway.



# 371
A company needs to create an Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS) cluster to host a digital media streaming application. The EKS cluster will use a managed node group that is backed by Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volumes for storage. The company must encrypt all data at rest by using a customer managed key that is stored in AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS).

Which combination of actions will meet this requirement with the LEAST operational overhead? (Choose two.)

---

회사에서는 디지털 미디어 스트리밍 애플리케이션을 호스팅하기 위해 Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service(Amazon EKS) 클러스터를 만들어야 합니다. EKS 클러스터는 스토리지를 위해 Amazon Elastic Block Store(Amazon EBS) 볼륨으로 지원되는 관리형 노드 그룹을 사용합니다. 회사는 AWS Key Management Service(AWS KMS)에 저장된 고객 관리 키를 사용하여 모든 저장 데이터를 암호화해야 합니다.

어떤 작업 조합이 운영 오버헤드를 최소화하면서 이 요구 사항을 충족할 수 있을까요? (두 가지 선택)

---

A. Use a Kubernetes plugin that uses the customer managed key to perform data encryption.
B. After creation of the EKS cluster, locate the EBS volumes. Enable encryption by using the customer managed key.
C. Enable EBS encryption by default in the AWS Region where the EKS cluster will be created. Select the customer managed key as the default key.
D. Create the EKS cluster. Create an IAM role that has a policy that grants permission to the customer managed key. Associate the role with the EKS cluster.
E. Store the customer managed key as a Kubernetes secret in the EKS cluster. Use the customer managed key to encrypt the EBS volumes.

---

A. 고객 관리 키를 사용하여 데이터 암호화를 수행하는 Kubernetes 플러그인을 사용합니다.

B. EKS 클러스터를 만든 후 EBS 볼륨을 찾습니다. 고객 관리 키를 사용하여 암호화를 활성화합니다.

C. EKS 클러스터가 생성될 AWS 리전에서 기본적으로 EBS 암호화를 활성화합니다. 고객 관리 키를 기본 키로 선택합니다.

D. EKS 클러스터를 만듭니다. 고객 관리 키에 대한 권한을 부여하는 정책이 있는 IAM 역할을 만듭니다. 역할을 EKS 클러스터와 연결합니다.

E. 고객 관리 키를 EKS 클러스터의 Kubernetes 비밀로 저장합니다. 고객 관리 키를 사용하여 EBS 볼륨을 암호화합니다.

---

# 372
A company wants to migrate an Oracle database to AWS. The database consists of a single table that contains millions of geographic information systems (GIS) images that are high resolution and are identified by a geographic code.

When a natural disaster occurs, tens of thousands of images get updated every few minutes. Each geographic code has a single image or row that is associated with it. The company wants a solution that is highly available and scalable during such events.

Which solution meets these requirements MOST cost-effectively?

A. Store the images and geographic codes in a database table. Use Oracle running on an Amazon RDS Multi-AZ DB instance.
B. Store the images in Amazon S3 buckets. Use Amazon DynamoDB with the geographic code as the key and the image S3 URL as the value.
C. Store the images and geographic codes in an Amazon DynamoDB table. Configure DynamoDB Accelerator (DAX) during times of high load.
D. Store the images in Amazon S3 buckets. Store geographic codes and image S3 URLs in a database table. Use Oracle running on an Amazon RDS Multi-AZ DB instance.

# 373
A company has an application that collects data from IoT sensors on automobiles. The data is streamed and stored in Amazon S3 through Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose. The data produces trillions of S3 objects each year. Each morning, the company uses the data from the previous 30 days to retrain a suite of machine learning (ML) models.

Four times each year, the company uses the data from the previous 12 months to perform analysis and train other ML models. The data must be available with minimal delay for up to 1 year. After 1 year, the data must be retained for archival purposes.

Which storage solution meets these requirements MOST cost-effectively?

A. Use the S3 Intelligent-Tiering storage class. Create an S3 Lifecycle policy to transition objects to S3 Glacier Deep Archive after 1 year.
B. Use the S3 Intelligent-Tiering storage class. Configure S3 Intelligent-Tiering to automatically move objects to S3 Glacier Deep Archive after 1 year.
C. Use the S3 Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA) storage class. Create an S3 Lifecycle policy to transition objects to S3 Glacier Deep Archive after 1 year.
D. Use the S3 Standard storage class. Create an S3 Lifecycle policy to transition objects to S3 Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA) after 30 days, and then to S3 Glacier Deep Archive after 1 year.

# 374
A company is running several business applications in three separate VPCs within the us-east-1 Region. The applications must be able to communicate between VPCs. The applications also must be able to consistently send hundreds of gigabytes of data each day to a latency-sensitive application that runs in a single on-premises data center.

A solutions architect needs to design a network connectivity solution that maximizes cost-effectiveness.

Which solution meets these requirements?

A. Configure three AWS Site-to-Site VPN connections from the data center to AWS. Establish connectivity by configuring one VPN connection for each VPC.
B. Launch a third-party virtual network appliance in each VPC. Establish an IPsec VPN tunnel between the data center and each virtual appliance.
C. Set up three AWS Direct Connect connections from the data center to a Direct Connect gateway in us-east-1. Establish connectivity by configuring each VPC to use one of the Direct Connect connections.
D. Set up one AWS Direct Connect connection from the data center to AWS. Create a transit gateway, and attach each VPC to the transit gateway. Establish connectivity between the Direct Connect connection and the transit gateway.

# 375
An ecommerce company is building a distributed application that involves several serverless functions and AWS services to complete order-processing tasks. These tasks require manual approvals as part of the workflow. A solutions architect needs to design an architecture for the order-processing application. The solution must be able to combine multiple AWS Lambda functions into responsive serverless applications. The solution also must orchestrate data and services that run on Amazon EC2 instances, containers, or on-premises servers.

Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?

A. Use AWS Step Functions to build the application.
B. Integrate all the application components in an AWS Glue job.
C. Use Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) to build the application.
D. Use AWS Lambda functions and Amazon EventBridge events to build the application.

# 376
A company has launched an Amazon RDS for MySQL DB instance. Most of the connections to the database come from serverless applications. Application traffic to the database changes significantly at random intervals. At times of high demand, users report that their applications experience database connection rejection errors.

Which solution will resolve this issue with the LEAST operational overhead?

---

한 회사가 Amazon RDS for MySQL DB 인스턴스를 출시했습니다. 데이터베이스에 대한 대부분의 연결은 서버리스 애플리케이션에서 발생합니다. 데이터베이스에 대한 애플리케이션 트래픽은 무작위 간격으로 크게 변경됩니다. 수요가 많은 시간에 사용자는 애플리케이션에서 데이터베이스 연결 거부 오류가 발생한다고 보고합니다.

어떤 솔루션이 운영 오버헤드를 최소화하여 이 문제를 해결할 수 있을까요?

---

A. Create a proxy in RDS Proxy. Configure the users’ applications to use the DB instance through RDS Proxy.
B. Deploy Amazon ElastiCache for Memcached between the users’ applications and the DB instance.
C. Migrate the DB instance to a different instance class that has higher I/O capacity. Configure the users’ applications to use the new DB instance.
D. Configure Multi-AZ for the DB instance. Configure the users’ applications to switch between the DB instances.

---

A. RDS Proxy에서 프록시를 만듭니다. RDS Proxy를 통해 DB 인스턴스를 사용하도록 사용자 애플리케이션을 구성합니다.

B. 사용자 애플리케이션과 DB 인스턴스 사이에 Amazon ElastiCache for Memcached를 배포합니다.

C. I/O 용량이 더 높은 다른 인스턴스 클래스로 DB 인스턴스를 마이그레이션합니다. 새 DB 인스턴스를 사용하도록 사용자 애플리케이션을 구성합니다.

D. DB 인스턴스에 대해 Multi-AZ를 구성합니다. DB 인스턴스 간에 전환하도록 사용자 애플리케이션을 구성합니다.

---

# 377
A company recently deployed a new auditing system to centralize information about operating system versions, patching, and installed software for Amazon EC2 instances. A solutions architect must ensure all instances provisioned through EC2 Auto Scaling groups successfully send reports to the auditing system as soon as they are launched and terminated.

Which solution achieves these goals MOST efficiently?

A. Use a scheduled AWS Lambda function and run a script remotely on all EC2 instances to send data to the audit system.
B. Use EC2 Auto Scaling lifecycle hooks to run a custom script to send data to the audit system when instances are launched and terminated.
C. Use an EC2 Auto Scaling launch configuration to run a custom script through user data to send data to the audit system when instances are launched and terminated.
D. Run a custom script on the instance operating system to send data to the audit system. Configure the script to be invoked by the EC2 Auto Scaling group when the instance starts and is terminated.


# 378
A company is developing a real-time multiplayer game that uses UDP for communications between the client and servers in an Auto Scaling group. Spikes in demand are anticipated during the day, so the game server platform must adapt accordingly. Developers want to store gamer scores and other non-relational data in a database solution that will scale without intervention.

Which solution should a solutions architect recommend?

A. Use Amazon Route 53 for traffic distribution and Amazon Aurora Serverless for data storage.
B. Use a Network Load Balancer for traffic distribution and Amazon DynamoDB on-demand for data storage.
C. Use a Network Load Balancer for traffic distribution and Amazon Aurora Global Database for data storage.
D. Use an Application Load Balancer for traffic distribution and Amazon DynamoDB global tables for data storage.

# 379
A company hosts a frontend application that uses an Amazon API Gateway API backend that is integrated with AWS Lambda. When the API receives requests, the Lambda function loads many libraries. Then the Lambda function connects to an Amazon RDS database, processes the data, and returns the data to the frontend application. The company wants to ensure that response latency is as low as possible for all its users with the fewest number of changes to the company's operations.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Establish a connection between the frontend application and the database to make queries faster by bypassing the API.

B. Configure provisioned concurrency for the Lambda function that handles the requests.

C. Cache the results of the queries in Amazon S3 for faster retrieval of similar datasets.

D. Increase the size of the database to increase the number of connections Lambda can establish at one time.

# 380
A company is migrating its on-premises workload to the AWS Cloud. The company already uses several Amazon EC2 instances and Amazon RDS DB instances. The company wants a solution that automatically starts and stops the EC2 instances and DB instances outside of business hours. The solution must minimize cost and infrastructure maintenance.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Scale the EC2 instances by using elastic resize. Scale the DB instances to zero outside of business hours.
B. Explore AWS Marketplace for partner solutions that will automatically start and stop the EC2 instances and DB instances on a schedule.
C. Launch another EC2 instance. Configure a crontab schedule to run shell scripts that will start and stop the existing EC2 instances and DB instances on a schedule.
D. Create an AWS Lambda function that will start and stop the EC2 instances and DB instances. Configure Amazon EventBridge to invoke the Lambda function on a schedule.


# 381
A company is planning to transfer multiple terabytes of data to AWS. The data is collected offline from ships. The company want to run complex transformation before transferring the data.
Which AWS service should a solutions architect recommend for this migration?

A. AWS Snowball
B. AWS Snowmobile
C. AWS Snowball Edge Storage Optimize
D. AWS Snowball Edge Compute Optimize

# 382
A company has a three-tier application on AWS that ingests sensor data from its users’ devices. The traffic flows through a Network Load Balancer (NLB), then to Amazon EC2 instances for the web tier, and finally to EC2 instances for the application tier. The application tier makes calls to a database.

What should a solutions architect do to improve the security of the data in transit?

A. Configure a TLS listener. Deploy the server certificate on the NLB.
B. Configure AWS Shield Advanced. Enable AWS WAF on the NLB.
C. Change the load balancer to an Application Load Balancer (ALB). Enable AWS WAF on the ALB.
D. Encrypt the Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume on the EC2 instances by using AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS).

# 383
A company is planning to migrate a commercial off-the-shelf application from its on-premises data center to AWS. The software has a software licensing model using sockets and cores with predictable capacity and uptime requirements. The company wants to use its existing licenses, which were purchased earlier this year.

Which Amazon EC2 pricing option is the MOST cost-effective?

A. Dedicated Reserved Hosts
B. Dedicated On-Demand Hosts
C. Dedicated Reserved Instances
D. Dedicated On-Demand Instances

# 384
A company runs an application on Amazon EC2 Linux instances across multiple Availability Zones. The application needs a storage layer that is highly available and Portable Operating System Interface (POSIX)-compliant. The storage layer must provide maximum data durability and must be shareable across the EC2 instances. The data in the storage layer will be accessed frequently for the first 30 days and will be accessed infrequently after that time.

Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?

A. Use the Amazon S3 Standard storage class. Create an S3 Lifecycle policy to move infrequently accessed data to S3 Glacier.
B. Use the Amazon S3 Standard storage class. Create an S3 Lifecycle policy to move infrequently accessed data to S3 Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA).
C. Use the Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) Standard storage class. Create a lifecycle management policy to move infrequently accessed data to EFS Standard-Infrequent Access (EFS Standard-IA).
D. Use the Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) One Zone storage class. Create a lifecycle management policy to move infrequently accessed data to EFS One Zone-Infrequent Access (EFS One Zone-IA).

# 385
A solutions architect is creating a new VPC design. There are two public subnets for the load balancer, two private subnets for web servers, and two private subnets for MySQL. The web servers use only HTTPS. The solutions architect has already created a security group for the load balancer allowing port 443 from 0.0.0.0/0. Company policy requires that each resource has the least access required to still be able to perform its tasks.

Which additional configuration strategy should the solutions architect use to meet these requirements?

A. Create a security group for the web servers and allow port 443 from 0.0.0.0/0. Create a security group for the MySQL servers and allow port 3306 from the web servers security group.
B. Create a network ACL for the web servers and allow port 443 from 0.0.0.0/0. Create a network ACL for the MySQL servers and allow port 3306 from the web servers security group.
C. Create a security group for the web servers and allow port 443 from the load balancer. Create a security group for the MySQL servers and allow port 3306 from the web servers security group.
D. Create a network ACL for the web servers and allow port 443 from the load balancer. Create a network ACL for the MySQL servers and allow port 3306 from the web servers security group.

# 386
An ecommerce company is running a multi-tier application on AWS. The front-end and backend tiers both run on Amazon EC2, and the database runs on Amazon RDS for MySQL. The backend tier communicates with the RDS instance. There are frequent calls to return identical datasets from the database that are causing performance slowdowns.

Which action should be taken to improve the performance of the backend?

A. Implement Amazon SNS to store the database calls.
B. Implement Amazon ElastiCache to cache the large datasets.
C. Implement an RDS for MySQL read replica to cache database calls.
D. Implement Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose to stream the calls to the database.

# 387
A new employee has joined a company as a deployment engineer. The deployment engineer will be using AWS CloudFormation templates to create multiple AWS resources. A solutions architect wants the deployment engineer to perform job activities while following the principle of least privilege.

Which combination of actions should the solutions architect take to accomplish this goal? (Choose two.)

A. Have the deployment engineer use AWS account root user credentials for performing AWS CloudFormation stack operations.
B. Create a new IAM user for the deployment engineer and add the IAM user to a group that has the PowerUsers IAM policy attached.
C. Create a new IAM user for the deployment engineer and add the IAM user to a group that has the AdministratorAccess IAM policy attached.
D. Create a new IAM user for the deployment engineer and add the IAM user to a group that has an IAM policy that allows AWS CloudFormation actions only.
E. Create an IAM role for the deployment engineer to explicitly define the permissions specific to the AWS CloudFormation stack and launch stacks using that IAM role.


# 388
A company is deploying a two-tier web application in a VPC. The web tier is using an Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling group with public subnets that span multiple Availability Zones. The database tier consists of an Amazon RDS for MySQL DB instance in separate private subnets. The web tier requires access to the database to retrieve product information.

The web application is not working as intended. The web application reports that it cannot connect to the database. The database is confirmed to be up and running. All configurations for the network ACLs, security groups, and route tables are still in their default states.

What should a solutions architect recommend to fix the application?

A. Add an explicit rule to the private subnet’s network ACL to allow traffic from the web tier’s EC2 instances.
B. Add a route in the VPC route table to allow traffic between the web tier’s EC2 instances and the database tier.
C. Deploy the web tier's EC2 instances and the database tier’s RDS instance into two separate VPCs, and configure VPC peering.
D. Add an inbound rule to the security group of the database tier’s RDS instance to allow traffic from the web tiers security group.

# 389
A company has a large dataset for its online advertising business stored in an Amazon RDS for MySQL DB instance in a single Availability Zone. The company wants business reporting queries to run without impacting the write operations to the production DB instance.

Which solution meets these requirements?

A. Deploy RDS read replicas to process the business reporting queries.
B. Scale out the DB instance horizontally by placing it behind an Elastic Load Balancer.
C. Scale up the DB instance to a larger instance type to handle write operations and queries.
D. Deploy the DB instance in multiple Availability Zones to process the business reporting queries.

# 390
A company hosts a three-tier ecommerce application on a fleet of Amazon EC2 instances. The instances run in an Auto Scaling group behind an Application Load Balancer (ALB). All ecommerce data is stored in an Amazon RDS for MariaDB Multi-AZ DB instance.

The company wants to optimize customer session management during transactions. The application must store session data durably.

Which solutions will meet these requirements? (Choose two.)

A. Turn on the sticky sessions feature (session affinity) on the ALB.
B. Use an Amazon DynamoDB table to store customer session information.
C. Deploy an Amazon Cognito user pool to manage user session information.
D. Deploy an Amazon ElastiCache for Redis cluster to store customer session information.
E. Use AWS Systems Manager Application Manager in the application to manage user session information.


# 391
A company needs a backup strategy for its three-tier stateless web application. The web application runs on Amazon EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group with a dynamic scaling policy that is configured to respond to scaling events. The database tier runs on Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL. The web application does not require temporary local storage on the EC2 instances. The company’s recovery point objective (RPO) is 2 hours.

The backup strategy must maximize scalability and optimize resource utilization for this environment.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Take snapshots of Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volumes of the EC2 instances and database every 2 hours to meet the RPO.

B. Configure a snapshot lifecycle policy to take Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) snapshots. Enable automated backups in Amazon RDS to meet the RPO.

C. Retain the latest Amazon Machine Images (AMIs) of the web and application tiers. Enable automated backups in Amazon RDS and use point-in-time recovery to meet the RPO.

D. Take snapshots of Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volumes of the EC2 instances every 2 hours. Enable automated backups in Amazon RDS and use point-in-time recovery to meet the RPO.

# 392
A company wants to deploy a new public web application on AWS. The application includes a web server tier that uses Amazon EC2 instances. The application also includes a database tier that uses an Amazon RDS for MySQL DB instance.

The application must be secure and accessible for global customers that have dynamic IP addresses.

How should a solutions architect configure the security groups to meet these requirements?

A. Configure the security group for the web servers to allow inbound traffic on port 443 from 0.0.0.0/0. Configure the security group for the DB instance to allow inbound traffic on port 3306 from the security group of the web servers.
B. Configure the security group for the web servers to allow inbound traffic on port 443 from the IP addresses of the customers. Configure the security group for the DB instance to allow inbound traffic on port 3306 from the security group of the web servers.
C. Configure the security group for the web servers to allow inbound traffic on port 443 from the IP addresses of the customers. Configure the security group for the DB instance to allow inbound traffic on port 3306 from the IP addresses of the customers.
D. Configure the security group for the web servers to allow inbound traffic on port 443 from 0.0.0.0/0. Configure the security group for the DB instance to allow inbound traffic on port 3306 from 0.0.0.0/0.

# 393
A payment processing company records all voice communication with its customers and stores the audio files in an Amazon S3 bucket. The company needs to capture the text from the audio files. The company must remove from the text any personally identifiable information (PII) that belongs to customers.

What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements?

A. Process the audio files by using Amazon Kinesis Video Streams. Use an AWS Lambda function to scan for known PII patterns.

B. When an audio file is uploaded to the S3 bucket, invoke an AWS Lambda function to start an Amazon Textract task to analyze the call recordings.

C. Configure an Amazon Transcribe transcription job with PII redaction turned on. When an audio file is uploaded to the S3 bucket, invoke an AWS Lambda function to start the transcription job. Store the output in a separate S3 bucket.

D. Create an Amazon Connect contact flow that ingests the audio files with transcription turned on. Embed an AWS Lambda function to scan for known PII patterns. Use Amazon EventBridge to start the contact flow when an audio file is uploaded to the S3 bucket.

# 394
A company is running a multi-tier ecommerce web application in the AWS Cloud. The application runs on Amazon EC2 instances with an Amazon RDS for MySQL Multi-AZ DB instance. Amazon RDS is configured with the latest generation DB instance with 2,000 GB of storage in a General Purpose SSD (gp3) Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume. The database performance affects the application during periods of high demand.

A database administrator analyzes the logs in Amazon CloudWatch Logs and discovers that the application performance always degrades when the number of read and write IOPS is higher than 20,000.

What should a solutions architect do to improve the application performance?

A. Replace the volume with a magnetic volume.
B. Increase the number of IOPS on the gp3 volume.
C. Replace the volume with a Provisioned IOPS SSD (io2) volume.
D. Replace the 2,000 GB gp3 volume with two 1,000 GB gp3 volumes.

# 395
An IAM user made several configuration changes to AWS resources in their company's account during a production deployment last week. A solutions architect learned that a couple of security group rules are not configured as desired. The solutions architect wants to confirm which IAM user was responsible for making changes.

Which service should the solutions architect use to find the desired information?

A. Amazon GuardDuty
B. Amazon Inspector
C. AWS CloudTrail
D. AWS Config

# 396
A company has implemented a self-managed DNS service on AWS. The solution consists of the following:

• Amazon EC2 instances in different AWS Regions
• Endpoints of a standard accelerator in AWS Global Accelerator

The company wants to protect the solution against DDoS attacks.

What should a solutions architect do to meet this requirement?

A. Subscribe to AWS Shield Advanced. Add the accelerator as a resource to protect.
B. Subscribe to AWS Shield Advanced. Add the EC2 instances as resources to protect.
C. Create an AWS WAF web ACL that includes a rate-based rule. Associate the web ACL with the accelerator.
D. Create an AWS WAF web ACL that includes a rate-based rule. Associate the web ACL with the EC2 instances.

# 397
An ecommerce company needs to run a scheduled daily job to aggregate and filter sales records for analytics. The company stores the sales records in an Amazon S3 bucket. Each object can be up to 10 GB in size. Based on the number of sales events, the job can take up to an hour to complete. The CPU and memory usage of the job are constant and are known in advance.

A solutions architect needs to minimize the amount of operational effort that is needed for the job to run.

Which solution meets these requirements?

A. Create an AWS Lambda function that has an Amazon EventBridge notification. Schedule the EventBridge event to run once a day.
B. Create an AWS Lambda function. Create an Amazon API Gateway HTTP API, and integrate the API with the function. Create an Amazon EventBridge scheduled event that calls the API and invokes the function.
C. Create an Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) cluster with an AWS Fargate launch type. Create an Amazon EventBridge scheduled event that launches an ECS task on the cluster to run the job.
D. Create an Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) cluster with an Amazon EC2 launch type and an Auto Scaling group with at least one EC2 instance. Create an Amazon EventBridge scheduled event that launches an ECS task on the cluster to run the job.

# 398
A company needs to transfer 600 TB of data from its on-premises network-attached storage (NAS) system to the AWS Cloud. The data transfer must be complete within 2 weeks. The data is sensitive and must be encrypted in transit. The company’s internet connection can support an upload speed of 100 Mbps.

Which solution meets these requirements MOST cost-effectively?

A. Use Amazon S3 multi-part upload functionality to transfer the files over HTTPS.
B. Create a VPN connection between the on-premises NAS system and the nearest AWS Region. Transfer the data over the VPN connection.
C. Use the AWS Snow Family console to order several AWS Snowball Edge Storage Optimized devices. Use the devices to transfer the data to Amazon S3.
D. Set up a 10 Gbps AWS Direct Connect connection between the company location and the nearest AWS Region. Transfer the data over a VPN connection into the Region to store the data in Amazon S3.

# 399
A financial company hosts a web application on AWS. The application uses an Amazon API Gateway Regional API endpoint to give users the ability to retrieve current stock prices. The company’s security team has noticed an increase in the number of API requests. The security team is concerned that HTTP flood attacks might take the application offline.

A solutions architect must design a solution to protect the application from this type of attack.

Which solution meets these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?

A. Create an Amazon CloudFront distribution in front of the API Gateway Regional API endpoint with a maximum TTL of 24 hours.

B. Create a Regional AWS WAF web ACL with a rate-based rule. Associate the web ACL with the API Gateway stage.

C. Use Amazon CloudWatch metrics to monitor the Count metric and alert the security team when the predefined rate is reached.

D. Create an Amazon CloudFront distribution with Lambda@Edge in front of the API Gateway Regional API endpoint. Create an AWS Lambda function to block requests from IP addresses that exceed the predefined rate.

# 400
A meteorological startup company has a custom web application to sell weather data to its users online. The company uses Amazon DynamoDB to store its data and wants to build a new service that sends an alert to the managers of four internal teams every time a new weather event is recorded. The company does not want this new service to affect the performance of the current application.

What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements with the LEAST amount of operational overhead?

A. Use DynamoDB transactions to write new event data to the table. Configure the transactions to notify internal teams.
B. Have the current application publish a message to four Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topics. Have each team subscribe to one topic.
C. Enable Amazon DynamoDB Streams on the table. Use triggers to write to a single Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic to which the teams can subscribe.
D. Add a custom attribute to each record to flag new items. Write a cron job that scans the table every minute for items that are new and notifies an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue to which the teams can subscribe.