# 401
A company wants to use the AWS Cloud to make an existing application highly available and resilient. The current version of the application resides in the company's data center. The application recently experienced data loss after a database server crashed because of an unexpected power outage.

The company needs a solution that avoids any single points of failure. The solution must give the application the ability to scale to meet user demand.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

---

A. Deploy the application servers by using Amazon EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group across multiple Availability Zones. Use an Amazon RDS DB instance in a Multi-AZ configuration.

B. Deploy the application servers by using Amazon EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group in a single Availability Zone. Deploy the database on an EC2 instance. Enable EC2 Auto Recovery.

C. Deploy the application servers by using Amazon EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group across multiple Availability Zones. Use an Amazon RDS DB instance with a read replica in a single Availability Zone. Promote the read replica to replace the primary DB instance if the primary DB instance fails.

D. Deploy the application servers by using Amazon EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group across multiple Availability Zones. Deploy the primary and secondary database servers on EC2 instances across multiple Availability Zones. Use Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) Multi-Attach to create shared storage between the instances.

# 402
A company needs to ingest and handle large amounts of streaming data that its application generates. The application runs on Amazon EC2 instances and sends data to Amazon Kinesis Data Streams, which is configured with default settings. Every other day, the application consumes the data and writes the data to an Amazon S3 bucket for business intelligence (BI) processing. The company observes that Amazon S3 is not receiving all the data that the application sends to Kinesis Data Streams.

What should a solutions architect do to resolve this issue?

A. Update the Kinesis Data Streams default settings by modifying the data retention period.

B. Update the application to use the Kinesis Producer Library (KPL) to send the data to Kinesis Data Streams.

C. Update the number of Kinesis shards to handle the throughput of the data that is sent to Kinesis Data Streams.

D. Turn on S3 Versioning within the S3 bucket to preserve every version of every object that is ingested in the S3 bucket.


# 403
A developer has an application that uses an AWS Lambda function to upload files to Amazon S3 and needs the required permissions to perform the task. The developer already has an IAM user with valid IAM credentials required for Amazon S3.

What should a solutions architect do to grant the permissions?

A. Add required IAM permissions in the resource policy of the Lambda function.

B. Create a signed request using the existing IAM credentials in the Lambda function.

C. Create a new IAM user and use the existing IAM credentials in the Lambda function.

D. Create an IAM execution role with the required permissions and attach the IAM role to the Lambda function.


# 404
A company has deployed a serverless application that invokes an AWS Lambda function when new documents are uploaded to an Amazon S3 bucket. The application uses the Lambda function to process the documents. After a recent marketing campaign, the company noticed that the application did not process many of the documents.

What should a solutions architect do to improve the architecture of this application?

A. Set the Lambda function's runtime timeout value to 15 minutes.

B. Configure an S3 bucket replication policy. Stage the documents in the S3 bucket for later processing.

C. Deploy an additional Lambda function. Load balance the processing of the documents across the two Lambda functions.

D. Create an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue. Send the requests to the queue. Configure the queue as an event source for Lambda.

# 405
A solutions architect is designing the architecture for a software demonstration environment. The environment will run on Amazon EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group behind an Application Load Balancer (ALB). The system will experience significant increases in traffic during working hours but is not required to operate on weekends.

Which combination of actions should the solutions architect take to ensure that the system can scale to meet demand? (Choose two.)

A. Use AWS Auto Scaling to adjust the ALB capacity based on request rate.

B. Use AWS Auto Scaling to scale the capacity of the VPC internet gateway.

C. Launch the EC2 instances in multiple AWS Regions to distribute the load across Regions.

D. Use a target tracking scaling policy to scale the Auto Scaling group based on instance CPU utilization.

E. Use scheduled scaling to change the Auto Scaling group minimum, maximum, and desired capacity to zero for weekends. Revert to the default values at the start of the week.

# 406
A solutions architect is designing a two-tiered architecture that includes a public subnet and a database subnet. The web servers in the public subnet must be open to the internet on port 443. The Amazon RDS for MySQL DB instance in the database subnet must be accessible only to the web servers on port 3306.

Which combination of steps should the solutions architect take to meet these requirements? (Choose two.)

A. Create a network ACL for the public subnet. Add a rule to deny outbound traffic to 0.0.0.0/0 on port 3306.
B. Create a security group for the DB instance. Add a rule to allow traffic from the public subnet CIDR block on port 3306.
C. Create a security group for the web servers in the public subnet. Add a rule to allow traffic from 0.0.0.0/0 on port 443.
D. Create a security group for the DB instance. Add a rule to allow traffic from the web servers’ security group on port 3306.
E. Create a security group for the DB instance. Add a rule to deny all traffic except traffic from the web servers’ security group on port 3306.

# 407
A company is implementing a shared storage solution for a gaming application that is hosted in the AWS Cloud. The company needs the ability to use Lustre clients to access data. The solution must be fully managed.

Which solution meets these requirements?

A. Create an AWS DataSync task that shares the data as a mountable file system. Mount the file system to the application server.
B. Create an AWS Storage Gateway file gateway. Create a file share that uses the required client protocol. Connect the application server to the file share.
C. Create an Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) file system, and configure it to support Lustre. Attach the file system to the origin server. Connect the application server to the file system.
D. Create an Amazon FSx for Lustre file system. Attach the file system to the origin server. Connect the application server to the file system.


# 408
A company runs an application that receives data from thousands of geographically dispersed remote devices that use UDP. The application processes the data immediately and sends a message back to the device if necessary. No data is stored.

The company needs a solution that minimizes latency for the data transmission from the devices. The solution also must provide rapid failover to another AWS Region.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

---

A. Configure an Amazon Route 53 failover routing policy. Create a Network Load Balancer (NLB) in each of the two Regions. Configure the NLB to invoke an AWS Lambda function to process the data.

B. Use AWS Global Accelerator. Create a Network Load Balancer (NLB) in each of the two Regions as an endpoint. Create an Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) cluster with the Fargate launch type. Create an ECS service on the cluster. Set the ECS service as the target for the NLProcess the data in Amazon ECS.

C. Use AWS Global Accelerator. Create an Application Load Balancer (ALB) in each of the two Regions as an endpoint. Create an Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) cluster with the Fargate launch type. Create an ECS service on the cluster. Set the ECS service as the target for the ALB. Process the data in Amazon ECS.

D. Configure an Amazon Route 53 failover routing policy. Create an Application Load Balancer (ALB) in each of the two Regions. Create an Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) cluster with the Fargate launch type. Create an ECS service on the cluster. Set the ECS service as the target for the ALB. Process the data in Amazon ECS.


# 409
A solutions architect must migrate a Windows Internet Information Services (IIS) web application to AWS. The application currently relies on a file share hosted in the user's on-premises network-attached storage (NAS). The solutions architect has proposed migrating the IIS web servers to Amazon EC2 instances in multiple Availability Zones that are connected to the storage solution, and configuring an Elastic Load Balancer attached to the instances.

Which replacement to the on-premises file share is MOST resilient and durable?

A. Migrate the file share to Amazon RDS.
B. Migrate the file share to AWS Storage Gateway.
C. Migrate the file share to Amazon FSx for Windows File Server.
D. Migrate the file share to Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS).

# 410 [OP] 
A company is deploying a new application on Amazon EC2 instances. The application writes data to Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volumes. The company needs to ensure that all data that is written to the EBS volumes is encrypted at rest.

Which solution will meet this requirement?

---

A. Create an IAM role that specifies EBS encryption. Attach the role to the EC2 instances.

B. Create the EBS volumes as encrypted volumes. Attach the EBS volumes to the EC2 instances.

C. Create an EC2 instance tag that has a key of Encrypt and a value of True. Tag all instances that require encryption at the EBS level.

D. Create an AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) key policy that enforces EBS encryption in the account. Ensure that the key policy is active.

# 411
A company has a web application with sporadic usage patterns. There is heavy usage at the beginning of each month, moderate usage at the start of each week, and unpredictable usage during the week. The application consists of a web server and a MySQL database server running inside the data center. The company would like to move the application to the AWS Cloud, and needs to select a cost-effective database platform that will not require database modifications.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Amazon DynamoDB
B. Amazon RDS for MySQL
C. MySQL-compatible Amazon Aurora Serverless
D. MySQL deployed on Amazon EC2 in an Auto Scaling group

# 412
An image-hosting company stores its objects in Amazon S3 buckets. The company wants to avoid accidental exposure of the objects in the S3 buckets to the public. All S3 objects in the entire AWS account need to remain private.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

---

A. Use Amazon GuardDuty to monitor S3 bucket policies. Create an automatic remediation action rule that uses an AWS Lambda function to remediate any change that makes the objects public.

B. Use AWS Trusted Advisor to find publicly accessible S3 buckets. Configure email notifications in Trusted Advisor when a change is detected. Manually change the S3 bucket policy if it allows public access.

C. Use AWS Resource Access Manager to find publicly accessible S3 buckets. Use Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) to invoke an AWS Lambda function when a change is detected. Deploy a Lambda function that programmatically remediates the change.

D. Use the S3 Block Public Access feature on the account level. Use AWS Organizations to create a service control policy (SCP) that prevents IAM users from changing the setting. Apply the SCP to the account.

# 413 [OP]
An ecommerce company is experiencing an increase in user traffic. The company’s store is deployed on Amazon EC2 instances as a two-tier web application consisting of a web tier and a separate database tier. As traffic increases, the company notices that the architecture is causing significant delays in sending timely marketing and order confirmation email to users. The company wants to reduce the time it spends resolving complex email delivery issues and minimize operational overhead.

What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements?

---

A. Create a separate application tier using EC2 instances dedicated to email processing.

B. Configure the web instance to send email through Amazon Simple Email Service (Amazon SES).

C. Configure the web instance to send email through Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS).

D. Create a separate application tier using EC2 instances dedicated to email processing. Place the instances in an Auto Scaling group.

# 414
A company has a business system that generates hundreds of reports each day. The business system saves the reports to a network share in CSV format. The company needs to store this data in the AWS Cloud in near-real time for analysis.

Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST administrative overhead?

A. Use AWS DataSync to transfer the files to Amazon S3. Create a scheduled task that runs at the end of each day.
B. Create an Amazon S3 File Gateway. Update the business system to use a new network share from the S3 File Gateway.
C. Use AWS DataSync to transfer the files to Amazon S3. Create an application that uses the DataSync API in the automation workflow.
D. Deploy an AWS Transfer for SFTP endpoint. Create a script that checks for new files on the network share and uploads the new files by using SFTP.


# 415
A company is storing petabytes of data in Amazon S3 Standard. The data is stored in multiple S3 buckets and is accessed with varying frequency. The company does not know access patterns for all the data. The company needs to implement a solution for each S3 bucket to optimize the cost of S3 usage.

Which solution will meet these requirements with the MOST operational efficiency?

A. Create an S3 Lifecycle configuration with a rule to transition the objects in the S3 bucket to S3 Intelligent-Tiering.
B. Use the S3 storage class analysis tool to determine the correct tier for each object in the S3 bucket. Move each object to the identified storage tier.
C. Create an S3 Lifecycle configuration with a rule to transition the objects in the S3 bucket to S3 Glacier Instant Retrieval.
D. Create an S3 Lifecycle configuration with a rule to transition the objects in the S3 bucket to S3 One Zone-Infrequent Access (S3 One Zone-IA).


# 416
A rapidly growing global ecommerce company is hosting its web application on AWS. The web application includes static content and dynamic content. The website stores online transaction processing (OLTP) data in an Amazon RDS database The website’s users are experiencing slow page loads.

Which combination of actions should a solutions architect take to resolve this issue? (Choose two.)

---

A. Configure an Amazon Redshift cluster.

B. Set up an Amazon CloudFront distribution.

C. Host the dynamic web content in Amazon S3.

D. Create a read replica for the RDS DB instance.

E. Configure a Multi-AZ deployment for the RDS DB instance.

# 417
A company uses Amazon EC2 instances and AWS Lambda functions to run its application. The company has VPCs with public subnets and private subnets in its AWS account. The EC2 instances run in a private subnet in one of the VPCs. The Lambda functions need direct network access to the EC2 instances for the application to work.

The application will run for at least 1 year. The company expects the number of Lambda functions that the application uses to increase during that time. The company wants to maximize its savings on all application resources and to keep network latency between the services low.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

---

A. Purchase an EC2 Instance Savings Plan Optimize the Lambda functions’ duration and memory usage and the number of invocations. Connect the Lambda functions to the private subnet that contains the EC2 instances.

B. Purchase an EC2 Instance Savings Plan Optimize the Lambda functions' duration and memory usage, the number of invocations, and the amount of data that is transferred. Connect the Lambda functions to a public subnet in the same VPC where the EC2 instances run.

C. Purchase a Compute Savings Plan. Optimize the Lambda functions’ duration and memory usage, the number of invocations, and the amount of data that is transferred. Connect the Lambda functions to the private subnet that contains the EC2 instances.

D. Purchase a Compute Savings Plan. Optimize the Lambda functions’ duration and memory usage, the number of invocations, and the amount of data that is transferred. Keep the Lambda functions in the Lambda service VPC.

# 418
A solutions architect needs to allow team members to access Amazon S3 buckets in two different AWS accounts: a development account and a production account. The team currently has access to S3 buckets in the development account by using unique IAM users that are assigned to an IAM group that has appropriate permissions in the account.

The solutions architect has created an IAM role in the production account. The role has a policy that grants access to an S3 bucket in the production account.

Which solution will meet these requirements while complying with the principle of least privilege?

---

A. Attach the Administrator Access policy to the development account users.

B. Add the development account as a principal in the trust policy of the role in the production account.

C. Turn off the S3 Block Public Access feature on the S3 bucket in the production account.

D. Create a user in the production account with unique credentials for each team member.

# 419 [OP]
A company uses AWS Organizations with all features enabled and runs multiple Amazon EC2 workloads in the ap-southeast-2 Region. The company has a service control policy (SCP) that prevents any resources from being created in any other Region. A security policy requires the company to encrypt all data at rest.

An audit discovers that employees have created Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volumes for EC2 instances without encrypting the volumes. The company wants any new EC2 instances that any IAM user or root user launches in ap-southeast-2 to use encrypted EBS volumes. The company wants a solution that will have minimal effect on employees who create EBS volumes.

Which combination of steps will meet these requirements? (Choose two.)

---

A. In the Amazon EC2 console, select the EBS encryption account attribute and define a default encryption key.

B. Create an IAM permission boundary. Attach the permission boundary to the root organizational unit (OU). Define the boundary to deny the ec2:CreateVolume action when the ec2:Encrypted condition equals false.

C. Create an SCP. Attach the SCP to the root organizational unit (OU). Define the SCP to deny the ec2:CreateVolume action whenthe ec2:Encrypted condition equals false.

D. Update the IAM policies for each account to deny the ec2:CreateVolume action when the ec2:Encrypted condition equals false.

E. In the Organizations management account, specify the Default EBS volume encryption setting.

# 420 [OP]
A company wants to use an Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL DB cluster to simplify time-consuming database administrative tasks for production database workloads. The company wants to ensure that its database is highly available and will provide automatic failover support in most scenarios in less than 40 seconds. The company wants to offload reads off of the primary instance and keep costs as low as possible.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

---

A. Use an Amazon RDS Multi-AZ DB instance deployment. Create one read replica and point the read workload to the read replica.

B. Use an Amazon RDS Multi-AZ DB cluster deployment Create two read replicas and point the read workload to the read replicas.

C. Use an Amazon RDS Multi-AZ DB instance deployment. Point the read workload to the secondary instances in the Multi-AZ pair.

D. Use an Amazon RDS Multi-AZ DB cluster deployment Point the read workload to the reader endpoint.

# 421 [OP]
A company runs a highly available SFTP service. The SFTP service uses two Amazon EC2 Linux instances that run with elastic IP addresses to accept traffic from trusted IP sources on the internet. The SFTP service is backed by shared storage that is attached to the instances. User accounts are created and managed as Linux users in the SFTP servers.

The company wants a serverless option that provides high IOPS performance and highly configurable security. The company also wants to maintain control over user permissions.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

---

A. Create an encrypted Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume. Create an AWS Transfer Family SFTP service with a public endpoint that allows only trusted IP addresses. Attach the EBS volume to the SFTP service endpoint. Grant users access to the SFTP service.

B. Create an encrypted Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) volume. Create an AWS Transfer Family SFTP service with elastic IP addresses and a VPC endpoint that has internet-facing access. Attach a security group to the endpoint that allows only trusted IP addresses. Attach the EFS volume to the SFTP service endpoint. Grant users access to the SFTP service.

C. Create an Amazon S3 bucket with default encryption enabled. Create an AWS Transfer Family SFTP service with a public endpoint that allows only trusted IP addresses. Attach the S3 bucket to the SFTP service endpoint. Grant users access to the SFTP service.

D. Create an Amazon S3 bucket with default encryption enabled. Create an AWS Transfer Family SFTP service with a VPC endpoint that has internal access in a private subnet. Attach a security group that allows only trusted IP addresses. Attach the S3 bucket to the SFTP service endpoint. Grant users access to the SFTP service.

# 422 [OP]
A company is developing a new machine learning (ML) model solution on AWS. The models are developed as independent microservices that fetch approximately 1 GB of model data from Amazon S3 at startup and load the data into memory. Users access the models through an asynchronous API. Users can send a request or a batch of requests and specify where the results should be sent.

The company provides models to hundreds of users. The usage patterns for the models are irregular. Some models could be unused for days or weeks. Other models could receive batches of thousands of requests at a time.

Which design should a solutions architect recommend to meet these requirements?

---

A. Direct the requests from the API to a Network Load Balancer (NLB). Deploy the models as AWS Lambda functions that are invoked by the NLB.

B. Direct the requests from the API to an Application Load Balancer (ALB). Deploy the models as Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) services that read from an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue. Use AWS App Mesh to scale the instances of the ECS cluster based on the SQS queue size.

C. Direct the requests from the API into an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue. Deploy the models as AWS Lambda functions that are invoked by SQS events. Use AWS Auto Scaling to increase the number of vCPUs for the Lambda functions based on the SQS queue size.

D. Direct the requests from the API into an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue. Deploy the models as Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) services that read from the queue. Enable AWS Auto Scaling on Amazon ECS for both the cluster and copies of the service based on the queue size.

# 423
A solutions architect wants to use the following JSON text as an identity-based policy to grant specific permissions:

```js
{
    "Statement": [
        {
            "Action": [
                "ssm:ListDocuments",
                "ssm:GetDocument"
            ],
            "Effect": "Allow",
            "Resource": "*",
            "Sid": ""
        }
    ],
    "Version": "2012-10-17"
}

```


Which IAM principals can the solutions architect attach this policy to? (Choose two.)

---

A. Role

B. Group

C. Organization

D. Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) resource

E. Amazon EC2 resource

# 424
A company is running a custom application on Amazon EC2 On-Demand Instances. The application has frontend nodes that need to run 24 hours a day, 7 days a week and backend nodes that need to run only for a short time based on workload. The number of backend nodes varies during the day.

The company needs to scale out and scale in more instances based on workload.

Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?

A. Use Reserved Instances for the frontend nodes. Use AWS Fargate for the backend nodes.
B. Use Reserved Instances for the frontend nodes. Use Spot Instances for the backend nodes.
C. Use Spot Instances for the frontend nodes. Use Reserved Instances for the backend nodes.
D. Use Spot Instances for the frontend nodes. Use AWS Fargate for the backend nodes.

# 425
A company uses high block storage capacity to runs its workloads on premises. The company's daily peak input and output transactions per second are not more than 15,000 IOPS. The company wants to migrate the workloads to Amazon EC2 and to provision disk performance independent of storage capacity.

Which Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume type will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?

A. GP2 volume type
B. io2 volume type
C. GP3 volume type
D. io1 volume type

# 426
A company needs to store data from its healthcare application. The application’s data frequently changes. A new regulation requires audit access at all levels of the stored data.

The company hosts the application on an on-premises infrastructure that is running out of storage capacity. A solutions architect must securely migrate the existing data to AWS while satisfying the new regulation.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

---

A. Use AWS DataSync to move the existing data to Amazon S3. Use AWS CloudTrail to log data events.

B. Use AWS Snowcone to move the existing data to Amazon S3. Use AWS CloudTrail to log management events.

C. Use Amazon S3 Transfer Acceleration to move the existing data to Amazon S3. Use AWS CloudTrail to log data events.

D. Use AWS Storage Gateway to move the existing data to Amazon S3. Use AWS CloudTrail to log management events.

# 427
A solutions architect is implementing a complex Java application with a MySQL database. The Java application must be deployed on Apache Tomcat and must be highly available.

What should the solutions architect do to meet these requirements?

A. Deploy the application in AWS Lambda. Configure an Amazon API Gateway API to connect with the Lambda functions.
B. Deploy the application by using AWS Elastic Beanstalk. Configure a load-balanced environment and a rolling deployment policy.
C. Migrate the database to Amazon ElastiCache. Configure the ElastiCache security group to allow access from the application.
D. Launch an Amazon EC2 instance. Install a MySQL server on the EC2 instance. Configure the application on the server. Create an AMI. Use the AMI to create a launch template with an Auto Scaling group.

# 428 [OP]
A serverless application uses Amazon API Gateway, AWS Lambda, and Amazon DynamoDB. The Lambda function needs permissions to read and write to the DynamoDB table.

Which solution will give the Lambda function access to the DynamoDB table MOST securely?

---

A. Create an IAM user with programmatic access to the Lambda function. Attach a policy to the user that allows read and write access to the DynamoDB table. Store the access_key_id and secret_access_key parameters as part of the Lambda environment variables. Ensure that other AWS users do not have read and write access to the Lambda function configuration.

B. Create an IAM role that includes Lambda as a trusted service. Attach a policy to the role that allows read and write access to the DynamoDB table. Update the configuration of the Lambda function to use the new role as the execution role.

C. Create an IAM user with programmatic access to the Lambda function. Attach a policy to the user that allows read and write access to the DynamoDB table. Store the access_key_id and secret_access_key parameters in AWS Systems Manager Parameter Store as secure string parameters. Update the Lambda function code to retrieve the secure string parameters before connecting to the DynamoDB table.

D. Create an IAM role that includes DynamoDB as a trusted service. Attach a policy to the role that allows read and write access from the Lambda function. Update the code of the Lambda function to attach to the new role as an execution role.

# 429
The following IAM policy is attached to an IAM group. This is the only policy applied to the group.

```js
{
    "Version": "2012-10-17",
    "Statement": [
        {
            "Sid": "1",
            "Effect": "Allow",
            "Action": "ec2:*",
            "Resource": "*",
            "Condition": {
                "StringEquals": {
                    "ec2:Region": "us-east-1"
                }
            }
        },
        {
            "Sid": "2",
            "Effect": "Deny",
            "Action": [
                "ec2:StopInstances",
                "ec2:TerminateInstances"
            ],
            "Resource": "*",
            "Condition": {
                "BoolIfExists": {
                    "aws:MultiFactorAuthPresent": false
                }
            }
        }
    ]
}

```

What are the effective IAM permissions of this policy for group members?

A. Group members are permitted any Amazon EC2 action within the us-east-1 Region. Statements after the Allow permission are not applied.
B. Group members are denied any Amazon EC2 permissions in the us-east-1 Region unless they are logged in with multi-factor authentication (MFA).
C. Group members are allowed the ec2:StopInstances and ec2:TerminateInstances permissions for all Regions when logged in with multi-factor authentication (MFA). Group members are permitted any other Amazon EC2 action.
D. Group members are allowed the ec2:StopInstances and ec2:TerminateInstances permissions for the us-east-1 Region only when logged in with multi-factor authentication (MFA). Group members are permitted any other Amazon EC2 action within the us-east-1 Region.


# 430 [OP]
A manufacturing company has machine sensors that upload .csv files to an Amazon S3 bucket. These .csv files must be converted into images and must be made available as soon as possible for the automatic generation of graphical reports.

The images become irrelevant after 1 month, but the .csv files must be kept to train machine learning (ML) models twice a year. The ML trainings and audits are planned weeks in advance.

Which combination of steps will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively? (Choose two.)

---

A. Launch an Amazon EC2 Spot Instance that downloads the .csv files every hour, generates the image files, and uploads the images to the S3 bucket.

B. Design an AWS Lambda function that converts the .csv files into images and stores the images in the S3 bucket. Invoke the Lambda function when a .csv file is uploaded.

C. Create S3 Lifecycle rules for .csv files and image files in the S3 bucket. Transition the .csv files from S3 Standard to S3 Glacier 1 day after they are uploaded. Expire the image files after 30 days.

D. Create S3 Lifecycle rules for .csv files and image files in the S3 bucket. Transition the .csv files from S3 Standard to S3 One Zone-Infrequent Access (S3 One Zone-IA) 1 day after they are uploaded. Expire the image files after 30 days.

E. Create S3 Lifecycle rules for .csv files and image files in the S3 bucket. Transition the .csv files from S3 Standard to S3 Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA) 1 day after they are uploaded. Keep the image files in Reduced Redundancy Storage (RRS).


# 431
A company has developed a new video game as a web application. The application is in a three-tier architecture in a VPC with Amazon RDS for MySQL in the database layer. Several players will compete concurrently online. The game’s developers want to display a top-10 scoreboard in near-real time and offer the ability to stop and restore the game while preserving the current scores.

What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements?

---

A. Set up an Amazon ElastiCache for Memcached cluster to cache the scores for the web application to display.

B. Set up an Amazon ElastiCache for Redis cluster to compute and cache the scores for the web application to display.

C. Place an Amazon CloudFront distribution in front of the web application to cache the scoreboard in a section of the application.

D. Create a read replica on Amazon RDS for MySQL to run queries to compute the scoreboard and serve the read traffic to the web application.

# 432
An ecommerce company wants to use machine learning (ML) algorithms to build and train models. The company will use the models to visualize complex scenarios and to detect trends in customer data. The architecture team wants to integrate its ML models with a reporting platform to analyze the augmented data and use the data directly in its business intelligence dashboards.

Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?

---

A. Use AWS Glue to create an ML transform to build and train models. Use Amazon OpenSearch Service to visualize the data.

B. Use Amazon SageMaker to build and train models. Use Amazon QuickSight to visualize the data.

C. Use a pre-built ML Amazon Machine Image (AMI) from the AWS Marketplace to build and train models. Use Amazon OpenSearch Service to visualize the data.

D. Use Amazon QuickSight to build and train models by using calculated fields. Use Amazon QuickSight to visualize the data.

# 433
A company is running its production and nonproduction environment workloads in multiple AWS accounts. The accounts are in an organization in AWS Organizations. The company needs to design a solution that will prevent the modification of cost usage tags.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

---

A. Create a custom AWS Config rule to prevent tag modification except by authorized principals.

B. Create a custom trail in AWS CloudTrail to prevent tag modification.

C. Create a service control policy (SCP) to prevent tag modification except by authorized principals.

D. Create custom Amazon CloudWatch logs to prevent tag modification.

# 434 [OP]
A company hosts its application in the AWS Cloud. The application runs on Amazon EC2 instances behind an Elastic Load Balancer in an Auto Scaling group and with an Amazon DynamoDB table. The company wants to ensure the application can be made available in anotherAWS Region with minimal downtime.

What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements with the LEAST amount of downtime?

---

A. Create an Auto Scaling group and a load balancer in the disaster recovery Region. Configure the DynamoDB table as a global table. Configure DNS failover to point to the new disaster recovery Region's load balancer.

B. Create an AWS CloudFormation template to create EC2 instances, load balancers, and DynamoDB tables to be launched when needed Configure DNS failover to point to the new disaster recovery Region's load balancer.

C. Create an AWS CloudFormation template to create EC2 instances and a load balancer to be launched when needed. Configure the DynamoDB table as a global table. Configure DNS failover to point to the new disaster recovery Region's load balancer.

D. Create an Auto Scaling group and load balancer in the disaster recovery Region. Configure the DynamoDB table as a global table. Create an Amazon CloudWatch alarm to trigger an AWS Lambda function that updates Amazon Route 53 pointing to the disaster recovery load balancer.

# 435
A company needs to migrate a MySQL database from its on-premises data center to AWS within 2 weeks. The database is 20 TB in size. The company wants to complete the migration with minimal downtime.

Which solution will migrate the database MOST cost-effectively?

---

A. Order an AWS Snowball Edge Storage Optimized device. Use AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) with AWS Schema Conversion Tool (AWS SCT) to migrate the database with replication of ongoing changes. Send the Snowball Edge device to AWS to finish the migration and continue the ongoing replication.

B. Order an AWS Snowmobile vehicle. Use AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) with AWS Schema Conversion Tool (AWS SCT) to migrate the database with ongoing changes. Send the Snowmobile vehicle back to AWS to finish the migration and continue the ongoing replication.

C. Order an AWS Snowball Edge Compute Optimized with GPU device. Use AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) with AWS Schema Conversion Tool (AWS SCT) to migrate the database with ongoing changes. Send the Snowball device to AWS to finish the migration and continue the ongoing replication

D. Order a 1 GB dedicated AWS Direct Connect connection to establish a connection with the data center. Use AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) with AWS Schema Conversion Tool (AWS SCT) to migrate the database with replication of ongoing changes.

# 436 [OP]
A company moved its on-premises PostgreSQL database to an Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL DB instance. The company successfully launched a new product. The workload on the database has increased. The company wants to accommodate the larger workload without adding infrastructure.

Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?

---

A. Buy reserved DB instances for the total workload. Make the Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL DB instance larger.

B. Make the Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL DB instance a Multi-AZ DB instance.

C. Buy reserved DB instances for the total workload. Add another Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL DB instance.

D. Make the Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL DB instance an on-demand DB instance.

# 437
A company operates an ecommerce website on Amazon EC2 instances behind an Application Load Balancer (ALB) in an Auto Scaling group. The site is experiencing performance issues related to a high request rate from illegitimate external systems with changing IP addresses. The security team is worried about potential DDoS attacks against the website. The company must block the illegitimate incoming requests in a way that has a minimal impact on legitimate users.

What should a solutions architect recommend?

---

A. Deploy Amazon Inspector and associate it with the ALB.

B. Deploy AWS WAF, associate it with the ALB, and configure a rate-limiting rule.

C. Deploy rules to the network ACLs associated with the ALB to block the incomingtraffic.

D. Deploy Amazon GuardDuty and enable rate-limiting protection when configuring GuardDuty.

# 438
A company wants to share accounting data with an external auditor. The data is stored in an Amazon RDS DB instance that resides in a private subnet. The auditor has its own AWS account and requires its own copy of the database.

What is the MOST secure way for the company to share the database with the auditor?

---

A. Create a read replica of the database. Configure IAM standard database authentication to grant the auditor access.

B. Export the database contents to text files. Store the files in an Amazon S3 bucket. Create a new IAM user for the auditor. Grant the user access to the S3 bucket.

C. Copy a snapshot of the database to an Amazon S3 bucket. Create an IAM user. Share the user's keys with the auditor to grant access to the object in the S3 bucket.

D. Create an encrypted snapshot of the database. Share the snapshot with the auditor. Allow access to the AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) encryption key.

# 439
A solutions architect configured a VPC that has a small range of IP addresses. The number of Amazon EC2 instances that are in the VPC is increasing, and there is an insufficient number of IP addresses for future workloads.

Which solution resolves this issue with the LEAST operational overhead?

---

A. Add an additional IPv4 CIDR block to increase the number of IP addresses and create additional subnets in the VPC. Create new resources in the new subnets by using the new CIDR.

B. Create a second VPC with additional subnets. Use a peering connection to connect the second VPC with the first VPC Update the routes and create new resources in the subnets of the second VPC.

C. Use AWS Transit Gateway to add a transit gateway and connect a second VPC with the first VPUpdate the routes of the transit gateway and VPCs. Create new resources in the subnets of the second VPC. 

D. Create a second VPC. Create a Site-to-Site VPN connection between the first VPC and the second VPC by using a VPN-hosted solution on Amazon EC2 and a virtual private gateway. Update the route between VPCs to the traffic through the VPN. Create new resources in the subnets of the second VPC.

# 440
A company used an Amazon RDS for MySQL DB instance during application testing. Before terminating the DB instance at the end of the test cycle, a solutions architect created two backups. The solutions architect created the first backup by using the mysqldump utility to create a database dump. The solutions architect created the second backup by enabling the final DB snapshot option on RDS termination.

The company is now planning for a new test cycle and wants to create a new DB instance from the most recent backup. The company has chosen a MySQL-compatible edition ofAmazon Aurora to host the DB instance.

Which solutions will create the new DB instance? (Choose two.)

---

A. Import the RDS snapshot directly into Aurora.

B. Upload the RDS snapshot to Amazon S3. Then import the RDS snapshot into Aurora.

C. Upload the database dump to Amazon S3. Then import the database dump into Aurora.

D. Use AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) to import the RDS snapshot into Aurora.

E. Upload the database dump to Amazon S3. Then use AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) to import the database dump into Aurora.

# 441
A company hosts a multi-tier web application on Amazon Linux Amazon EC2 instances behind an Application Load Balancer. The instances run in an Auto Scaling group across multiple Availability Zones. The company observes that the Auto Scaling group launches more On-Demand Instances when the application's end users access high volumes of static web content. The company wants to optimize cost.

What should a solutions architect do to redesign the application MOST cost-effectively?

---

A. Update the Auto Scaling group to use Reserved Instances instead of On-Demand Instances.

B. Update the Auto Scaling group to scale by launching Spot Instances instead of On-Demand Instances.

C. Create an Amazon CloudFront distribution to host the static web contents from an Amazon S3 bucket.

D. Create an AWS Lambda function behind an Amazon API Gateway API to host the static website contents.

# 442
A company stores several petabytes of data across multiple AWS accounts. The company uses AWS Lake Formation to manage its data lake. The company's data science team wants to securely share selective data from its accounts with the company's engineering team for analytical purposes.

Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?

---

A. Copy the required data to a common account. Create an IAM access role in that account. Grant access by specifying a permission policy that includes users from the engineering team accounts as trusted entities.

B. Use the Lake Formation permissions Grant command in each account where the data is stored to allow the required engineering team users to access the data.

C. Use AWS Data Exchange to privately publish the required data to the required engineering team accounts.

D. Use Lake Formation tag-based access control to authorize and grant cross-account permissions for the required data to the engineering team accounts.

# 443
A company wants to host a scalable web application on AWS. The application will be accessed by users from different geographic regions of the world. Application users will be able to download and upload unique data up to gigabytes in size. The development team wants a cost-effective solution to minimize upload and download latency and maximize performance.

What should a solutions architect do to accomplish this?

---

A. Use Amazon S3 with Transfer Acceleration to host the application.

B. Use Amazon S3 with CacheControl headers to host the application.

C. Use Amazon EC2 with Auto Scaling and Amazon CloudFront to host the application.

D. Use Amazon EC2 with Auto Scaling and Amazon ElastiCache to host the application.

# 444
A company has hired a solutions architect to design a reliable architecture for its application. The application consists of one Amazon RDS DB instance and two manually provisioned Amazon EC2 instances that run web servers. The EC2 instances are located in a single Availability Zone.

An employee recently deleted the DB instance, and the application was unavailable for 24 hours as a result. The company is concerned with the overall reliability of its environment.

What should the solutions architect do to maximize reliability of the application's infrastructure?

A. Delete one EC2 instance and enable termination protection on the other EC2 instance. Update the DB instance to be Multi-AZ, and enable deletion protection.
B. Update the DB instance to be Multi-AZ, and enable deletion protection. Place the EC2 instances behind an Application Load Balancer, and run them in an EC2 Auto Scaling group across multiple Availability Zones.
C. Create an additional DB instance along with an Amazon API Gateway and an AWS Lambda function. Configure the application to invoke the Lambda function through API Gateway. Have the Lambda function write the data to the two DB instances.
D. Place the EC2 instances in an EC2 Auto Scaling group that has multiple subnets located in multiple Availability Zones. Use Spot Instances instead of On-Demand Instances. Set up Amazon CloudWatch alarms to monitor the health of the instances Update the DB instance to be Multi-AZ, and enable deletion protection.

# 445
A company is storing 700 terabytes of data on a large network-attached storage (NAS) system in its corporate data center. The company has a hybrid environment with a 10 Gbps AWS Direct Connect connection.

After an audit from a regulator, the company has 90 days to move the data to the cloud. The company needs to move the data efficiently and without disruption. The company still needs to be able to access and update the data during the transfer window.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

---

A. Create an AWS DataSync agent in the corporate data center. Create a data transfer task Start the transfer to an Amazon S3 bucket.

B. Back up the data to AWS Snowball Edge Storage Optimized devices. Ship the devices to an AWS data center. Mount a target Amazon S3 bucket on the on-premises file system.

C. Use rsync to copy the data directly from local storage to a designated Amazon S3 bucket over the Direct Connect connection.

D. Back up the data on tapes. Ship the tapes to an AWS data center. Mount a target Amazon S3 bucket on the on-premises file system.

# 446
A company stores data in PDF format in an Amazon S3 bucket. The company must follow a legal requirement to retain all new and existing data in Amazon S3 for 7 years.

Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?

A. Turn on the S3 Versioning feature for the S3 bucket. Configure S3 Lifecycle to delete the data after 7 years. Configure multi-factor authentication (MFA) delete for all S3 objects.
B. Turn on S3 Object Lock with governance retention mode for the S3 bucket. Set the retention period to expire after 7 years. Recopy all existing objects to bring the existing data into compliance.
C. Turn on S3 Object Lock with compliance retention mode for the S3 bucket. Set the retention period to expire after 7 years. Recopy all existing objects to bring the existing data into compliance.
D. Turn on S3 Object Lock with compliance retention mode for the S3 bucket. Set the retention period to expire after 7 years. Use S3 Batch Operations to bring the existing data into compliance.

# 447
A company has a stateless web application that runs on AWS Lambda functions that are invoked by Amazon API Gateway. The company wants to deploy the application across multiple AWS Regions to provide Regional failover capabilities.

What should a solutions architect do to route traffic to multiple Regions?

---

A. Create Amazon Route 53 health checks for each Region. Use an active-active failover configuration.

B. Create an Amazon CloudFront distribution with an origin for each Region. Use CloudFront health checks to route traffic.

C. Create a transit gateway. Attach the transit gateway to the API Gateway endpoint in each Region. Configure the transit gateway to route requests.

D. Create an Application Load Balancer in the primary Region. Set the target group to point to the API Gateway endpoint hostnames in each Region.


# 448
A company has two VPCs named Management and Production. The Management VPC uses VPNs through a customer gateway to connect to a single device in the data center. The Production VPC uses a virtual private gateway with two attached AWS Direct Connect connections. The Management and Production VPCs both use a single VPC peering connection to allow communication between the applications.

What should a solutions architect do to mitigate any single point of failure in this architecture?

---

A. Add a set of VPNs between the Management and Production VPCs.

B. Add a second virtual private gateway and attach it to the Management VPC.

C. Add a second set of VPNs to the Management VPC from a second customer gateway device.

D. Add a second VPC peering connection between the Management VPC and the Production VPC.

# 449
A company runs its application on an Oracle database. The company plans to quickly migrate to AWS because of limited resources for the database, backup administration, and data center maintenance. The application uses third-party database features that require privileged access.

Which solution will help the company migrate the database to AWS MOST cost-effectively?

A. Migrate the database to Amazon RDS for Oracle. Replace third-party features with cloud services.
B. Migrate the database to Amazon RDS Custom for Oracle. Customize the database settings to support third-party features.
C. Migrate the database to an Amazon EC2 Amazon Machine Image (AMI) for Oracle. Customize the database settings to support third-party features.
D. Migrate the database to Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL by rewriting the application code to remove dependency on Oracle APEX.

# 450
A company has a three-tier web application that is in a single server. The company wants to migrate the application to the AWS Cloud. The company also wants the application to align with the AWS Well-Architected Framework and to be consistent with AWS recommended best practices for security, scalability, and resiliency.

Which combination of solutions will meet these requirements? (Choose three.)

---

A. Create a VPC across two Availability Zones with the application's existing architecture. Host the application with existing architecture on an Amazon EC2 instance in a private subnet in each Availability Zone with EC2 Auto Scaling groups. Secure the EC2 instance with security groups and network access control lists (network ACLs).

B. Set up security groups and network access control lists (network ACLs) to control access to the database layer. Set up a single Amazon RDS database in a private subnet.
C. Create a VPC across two Availability Zones. Refactor the application to host the web tier, application tier, and database tier. Host each tier on its own private subnet with Auto Scaling groups for the web tier and application tier.

D. Use a single Amazon RDS database. Allow database access only from the application tier security group.

E. Use Elastic Load Balancers in front of the web tier. Control access by using security groups containing references to each layer's security groups.

F. Use an Amazon RDS database Multi-AZ cluster deployment in private subnets. Allow database access only from application tier security groups.


