# 51
A company is developing an application that provides order shipping statistics for retrieval by a REST API. The company wants to extract the shipping statistics, organize the data into an easy-to-read HTML format, and send the report to several email addresses at the same time every morning.
Which combination of steps should a solutions architect take to meet these requirements? (Choose two.)

---

- REST API로 주문 운송 통계 제공
- 운송 통계 추출해서 읽기 쉬운 HTML 포맷으로 데이터를 조직해서 메일로 레포트를 보내고 싶음 > SES

---

A. Configure the application to send the data to Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose.

B. Use Amazon Simple Email Service (Amazon SES) to format the data and to send the report by email.

C. Create an Amazon EventBridge (Amazon CloudWatch Events) scheduled event that invokes an AWS Glue job to query the application's API for the data.

D. Create an Amazon EventBridge (Amazon CloudWatch Events) scheduled event that invokes an AWS Lambda function to query the application's API for the data.

E. Store the application data in Amazon S3. Create an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic as an S3 event destination to send the report by email.
 
# 52
A company wants to migrate its on-premises application to AWS. The application produces output files that vary in size from tens of gigabytes to hundreds of terabytes. The application data must be stored in a standard file system structure. The company wants a solution that scales automatically. is highly available, and requires minimum operational overhead.
Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Migrate the application to run as containers on Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS). Use Amazon S3 for storage.
B. Migrate the application to run as containers on Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS). Use Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) for storage.
C. Migrate the application to Amazon EC2 instances in a Multi-AZ Auto Scaling group. Use Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) for storage.
D. Migrate the application to Amazon EC2 instances in a Multi-AZ Auto Scaling group. Use Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) for storage.
 
# 53
A company needs to store its accounting records in Amazon S3. The records must be immediately accessible for 1 year and then must be archived for an additional 9 years. No one at the company, including administrative users and root users, can be able to delete the records during the entire 10-year period. The records must be stored with maximum resiliency.
Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Store the records in S3 Glacier for the entire 10-year period. Use an access control policy to deny deletion of the records for a period of 10 years.
B. Store the records by using S3 Intelligent-Tiering. Use an IAM policy to deny deletion of the records. After 10 years, change the IAM policy to allow deletion.
C. Use an S3 Lifecycle policy to transition the records from S3 Standard to S3 Glacier Deep Archive after 1 year. Use S3 Object Lock in compliance mode for a period of 10 years.
D. Use an S3 Lifecycle policy to transition the records from S3 Standard to S3 One Zone-Infrequent Access (S3 One Zone-IA) after 1 year. Use S3 Object Lock in governance mode for a period of 10 years.
 
# 54
A company runs multiple Windows workloads on AWS. The company's employees use Windows file shares that are hosted on two Amazon EC2 instances. The file shares synchronize data between themselves and maintain duplicate copies. The company wants a highly available and durable storage solution that preserves how users currently access the files.
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements?

A. Migrate all the data to Amazon S3. Set up IAM authentication for users to access files.
B. Set up an Amazon S3 File Gateway. Mount the S3 File Gateway on the existing EC2 instances.
C. Extend the file share environment to Amazon FSx for Windows File Server with a Multi-AZ configuration. Migrate all the data to FSx for Windows File Server.
D. Extend the file share environment to Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) with a Multi-AZ configuration. Migrate all the data to Amazon EFS.
 
# 55
A solutions architect is developing a VPC architecture that includes multiple subnets. The architecture will host applications that use Amazon EC2 instances and Amazon RDS DB instances. The architecture consists of six subnets in two Availability Zones. Each Availability Zone includes a public subnet, a private subnet, and a dedicated subnet for databases. Only EC2 instances that run in the private subnets can have access to the RDS databases.
Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Create a new route table that excludes the route to the public subnets' CIDR blocks. Associate the route table with the database subnets.
B. Create a security group that denies inbound traffic from the security group that is assigned to instances in the public subnets. Attach the security group to the DB instances.
C. Create a security group that allows inbound traffic from the security group that is assigned to instances in the private subnets. Attach the security group to the DB instances.
D. Create a new peering connection between the public subnets and the private subnets. Create a different peering connection between the private subnets and the database subnets.
 
# 56
A company has registered its domain name with Amazon Route 53. The company uses Amazon API Gateway in the ca-central-1 Region as a public interface for its backend microservice APIs. Third-party services consume the APIs securely. The company wants to design its API Gateway URL with the company's domain name and corresponding certificate so that the third-party services can use HTTPS.
Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Create stage variables in API Gateway with Name="Endpoint-URL" and Value="Company Domain Name" to overwrite the default URL. Import the public certificate associated with the company's domain name into AWS Certificate Manager (ACM).
B. Create Route 53 DNS records with the company's domain name. Point the alias record to the Regional API Gateway stage endpoint. Import the public certificate associated with the company's domain name into AWS Certificate Manager (ACM) in the us-east-1 Region.
C. Create a Regional API Gateway endpoint. Associate the API Gateway endpoint with the company's domain name. Import the public certificate associated with the company's domain name into AWS Certificate Manager (ACM) in the same Region. Attach the certificate to the API Gateway endpoint. Configure Route 53 to route traffic to the API Gateway endpoint.
D. Create a Regional API Gateway endpoint. Associate the API Gateway endpoint with the company's domain name. Import the public certificate associated with the company's domain name into AWS Certificate Manager (ACM) in the us-east-1 Region. Attach the certificate to the API Gateway APIs. Create Route 53 DNS records with the company's domain name. Point an A record to the company's domain name.
 
# 57
A company is running a popular social media website. The website gives users the ability to upload images to share with other users. The company wants to make sure that the images do not contain inappropriate content. The company needs a solution that minimizes development effort.
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements?

A. Use Amazon Comprehend to detect inappropriate content. Use human review for low-confidence predictions.
B. Use Amazon Rekognition to detect inappropriate content. Use human review for low-confidence predictions.
C. Use Amazon SageMaker to detect inappropriate content. Use ground truth to label low-confidence predictions.
D. Use AWS Fargate to deploy a custom machine learning model to detect inappropriate content. Use ground truth to label low-confidence predictions.
 
# 58
A company wants to run its critical applications in containers to meet requirements for scalability and availability. The company prefers to focus on maintenance of the critical applications. The company does not want to be responsible for provisioning and managing the underlying infrastructure that runs the containerized workload.
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements?

A. Use Amazon EC2 instances, and install Docker on the instances.
B. Use Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) on Amazon EC2 worker nodes.
C. Use Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) on AWS Fargate.
D. Use Amazon EC2 instances from an Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS)-optimized Amazon Machine Image (AMI).
 
# 59
A company hosts more than 300 global websites and applications. The company requires a platform to analyze more than 30 TB of clickstream data each day.
What should a solutions architect do to transmit and process the clickstream data?

A. Design an AWS Data Pipeline to archive the data to an Amazon S3 bucket and run an Amazon EMR cluster with the data to generate analytics.
B. Create an Auto Scaling group of Amazon EC2 instances to process the data and send it to an Amazon S3 data lake for Amazon Redshift to use for analysis.
C. Cache the data to Amazon CloudFront. Store the data in an Amazon S3 bucket. When an object is added to the S3 bucket. run an AWS Lambda function to process the data for analysis.
D. Collect the data from Amazon Kinesis Data Streams. Use Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose to transmit the data to an Amazon S3 data lake. Load the data in Amazon Redshift for analysis. 

# 60
A company has a website hosted on AWS. The website is behind an Application Load Balancer (ALB) that is configured to handle HTTP and HTTPS separately. The company wants to forward all requests to the website so that the requests will use HTTPS.
What should a solutions architect do to meet this requirement?

A. Update the ALB's network ACL to accept only HTTPS traffic.
B. Create a rule that replaces the HTTP in the URL with HTTPS.
C. Create a listener rule on the ALB to redirect HTTP traffic to HTTPS.
D. Replace the ALB with a Network Load Balancer configured to use Server Name Indication (SNI).









51. B, C
52. C
53. C
54. C
55. C
56. C
57. B
58. C
59. D
60. C


# 61
A company is developing a two-tier web application on AWS. The company's developers have deployed the application on an Amazon EC2 instance that connects directly to a backend Amazon RDS database. The company must not hardcode database credentials in the application. The company must also implement a solution to automatically rotate the database credentials on a regular basis.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?

A. Store the database credentials in the instance metadata. Use Amazon EventBridge (Amazon CloudWatch Events) rules to run a scheduled AWS Lambda function that updates the RDS credentials and instance metadata at the same time.
B. Store the database credentials in a configuration file in an encrypted Amazon S3 bucket. Use Amazon EventBridge (Amazon CloudWatch Events) rules to run a scheduled AWS Lambda function that updates the RDS credentials and the credentials in the configuration file at the same time. Use S3 Versioning to ensure the ability to fall back to previous values.
C. Store the database credentials as a secret in AWS Secrets Manager. Turn on automatic rotation for the secret. Attach the required permission to the EC2 role to grant access to the secret.
D. Store the database credentials as encrypted parameters in AWS Systems Manager Parameter Store. Turn on automatic rotation for the encrypted parameters. Attach the required permission to the EC2 role to grant access to the encrypted parameters.

# 62
A company is deploying a new public web application to AWS. The application will run behind an Application Load Balancer (ALB). The application needs to be encrypted at the edge with an SSL/TLS certificate that is issued by an external certificate authority (CA). The certificate must be rotated each year before the certificate expires.
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements?

A. Use AWS Certificate Manager (ACM) to issue an SSL/TLS certificate. Apply the certificate to the ALB. Use the managed renewal feature to automatically rotate the certificate.
B. Use AWS Certificate Manager (ACM) to issue an SSL/TLS certificate. Import the key material from the certificate. Apply the certificate to the ALUse the managed renewal feature to automatically rotate the certificate.
C. Use AWS Certificate Manager (ACM) Private Certificate Authority to issue an SSL/TLS certificate from the root CA. Apply the certificate to the ALB. Use the managed renewal feature to automatically rotate the certificate.
D. Use AWS Certificate Manager (ACM) to import an SSL/TLS certificate. Apply the certificate to the ALB. Use Amazon EventBridge (Amazon CloudWatch Events) to send a notification when the certificate is nearing expiration. Rotate the certificate manually.

# 63
A company runs its infrastructure on AWS and has a registered base of 700,000 users for its document management application. The company intends to create a product that converts large .pdf files to .jpg image files. The .pdf files average 5 MB in size. The company needs to store the original files and the converted files. A solutions architect must design a scalable solution to accommodate demand that will grow rapidly over time.
Which solution meets these requirements MOST cost-effectively?

A. Save the .pdf files to Amazon S3. Configure an S3 PUT event to invoke an AWS Lambda function to convert the files to .jpg format and store them back in Amazon S3.
B. Save the .pdf files to Amazon DynamoDUse the DynamoDB Streams feature to invoke an AWS Lambda function to convert the files to .jpg format and store them back in DynamoDB.
C. Upload the .pdf files to an AWS Elastic Beanstalk application that includes Amazon EC2 instances, Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) storage, and an Auto Scaling group. Use a program in the EC2 instances to convert the files to .jpg format. Save the .pdf files and the .jpg files in the EBS store.
D. Upload the .pdf files to an AWS Elastic Beanstalk application that includes Amazon EC2 instances, Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) storage, and an Auto Scaling group. Use a program in the EC2 instances to convert the file to .jpg format. Save the .pdf files and the .jpg files in the EBS store.

# 64
A company has more than 5 TB of file data on Windows file servers that run on premises. Users and applications interact with the data each day.
The company is moving its Windows workloads to AWS. As the company continues this process, the company requires access to AWS and on-premises file storage with minimum latency. The company needs a solution that minimizes operational overhead and requires no significant changes to the existing file access patterns. The company uses an AWS Site-to-Site VPN connection for connectivity to AWS.
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements?

A. Deploy and configure Amazon FSx for Windows File Server on AWS. Move the on-premises file data to FSx for Windows File Server. Reconfigure the workloads to use FSx for Windows File Server on AWS.

B. Deploy and configure an Amazon S3 File Gateway on premises. Move the on-premises file data to the S3 File Gateway. Reconfigure the on-premises workloads and the cloud workloads to use the S3 File Gateway.

C. Deploy and configure an Amazon S3 File Gateway on premises. Move the on-premises file data to Amazon S3. Reconfigure the workloads to use either Amazon S3 directly or the S3 File Gateway. depending on each workload's location.

D. Deploy and configure Amazon FSx for Windows File Server on AWS. Deploy and configure an Amazon FSx File Gateway on premises. Move the on-premises file data to the FSx File Gateway. Configure the cloud workloads to use FSx for Windows File Server on AWS. Configure the on-premises workloads to use the FSx File Gateway.

# 65
A hospital recently deployed a RESTful API with Amazon API Gateway and AWS Lambda. The hospital uses API Gateway and Lambda to upload reports that are in PDF format and JPEG format. The hospital needs to modify the Lambda code to identify protected health information (PHI) in the reports.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?

A. Use existing Python libraries to extract the text from the reports and to identify the PHI from the extracted text.
B. Use Amazon Textract to extract the text from the reports. Use Amazon SageMaker to identify the PHI from the extracted text.
C. Use Amazon Textract to extract the text from the reports. Use Amazon Comprehend Medical to identify the PHI from the extracted text.
D. Use Amazon Rekognition to extract the text from the reports. Use Amazon Comprehend Medical to identify the PHI from the extracted text.
 
# 66
A company has an application that generates a large number of files, each approximately 5 MB in size. The files are stored in Amazon S3. Company policy requires the files to be stored for 4 years before they can be deleted. Immediate accessibility is always required as the files contain critical business data that is not easy to reproduce. The files are frequently accessed in the first 30 days of the object creation but are rarely accessed after the first 30 days.
Which storage solution is MOST cost-effective?

A. Create an S3 bucket lifecycle policy to move files from S3 Standard to S3 Glacier 30 days from object creation. Delete the files 4 years after object creation.
B. Create an S3 bucket lifecycle policy to move files from S3 Standard to S3 One Zone-Infrequent Access (S3 One Zone-IA) 30 days from object creation. Delete the files 4 years after object creation.
C. Create an S3 bucket lifecycle policy to move files from S3 Standard to S3 Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA) 30 days from object creation. Delete the files 4 years after object creation.
D. Create an S3 bucket lifecycle policy to move files from S3 Standard to S3 Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA) 30 days from object creation. Move the files to S3 Glacier 4 years after object creation.
 
# 67
A company hosts an application on multiple Amazon EC2 instances. The application processes messages from an Amazon SQS queue, writes to an Amazon RDS table, and deletes the message from the queue. Occasional duplicate records are found in the RDS table. The SQS queue does not contain any duplicate messages.
What should a solutions architect do to ensure messages are being processed once only?

A. Use the CreateQueue API call to create a new queue.
B. Use the AddPermission API call to add appropriate permissions.
C. Use the ReceiveMessage API call to set an appropriate wait time.
D. Use the ChangeMessageVisibility API call to increase the visibility timeout. 

# 68
A solutions architect is designing a new hybrid architecture to extend a company's on-premises infrastructure to AWS. The company requires a highly available connection with consistent low latency to an AWS Region. The company needs to minimize costs and is willing to accept slower traffic if the primary connection fails.
What should the solutions architect do to meet these requirements?

A. Provision an AWS Direct Connect connection to a Region. Provision a VPN connection as a backup if the primary Direct Connect connection fails.

B. Provision a VPN tunnel connection to a Region for private connectivity. Provision a second VPN tunnel for private connectivity and as a backup if the primary VPN connection fails.

C. Provision an AWS Direct Connect connection to a Region. Provision a second Direct Connect connection to the same Region as a backup if the primary Direct Connect connection fails.

D. Provision an AWS Direct Connect connection to a Region. Use the Direct Connect failover attribute from the AWS CLI to automatically create a backup connection if the primary Direct Connect connection fails.
 
# 69
A company is running a business-critical web application on Amazon EC2 instances behind an Application Load Balancer. The EC2 instances are in an Auto Scaling group. The application uses an Amazon Aurora PostgreSQL database that is deployed in a single Availability Zone. The company wants the application to be highly available with minimum downtime and minimum loss of data.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational effort?

A. Place the EC2 instances in different AWS Regions. Use Amazon Route 53 health checks to redirect traffic. Use Aurora PostgreSQL Cross-Region Replication.
B. Configure the Auto Scaling group to use multiple Availability Zones. Configure the database as Multi-AZ. Configure an Amazon RDS Proxy instance for the database.
C. Configure the Auto Scaling group to use one Availability Zone. Generate hourly snapshots of the database. Recover the database from the snapshots in the event of a failure.
D. Configure the Auto Scaling group to use multiple AWS Regions. Write the data from the application to Amazon S3. Use S3 Event Notifications to launch an AWS Lambda function to write the data to the database.
 
# 70
A company's HTTP application is behind a Network Load Balancer (NLB). The NLB's target group is configured to use an Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling group with multiple EC2 instances that run the web service.
The company notices that the NLB is not detecting HTTP errors for the application. These errors require a manual restart of the EC2 instances that run the web service. The company needs to improve the application's availability without writing custom scripts or code.
What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements?

A. Enable HTTP health checks on the NLB, supplying the URL of the company's application.
B. Add a cron job to the EC2 instances to check the local application's logs once each minute. If HTTP errors are detected. the application will restart.
C. Replace the NLB with an Application Load Balancer. Enable HTTP health checks by supplying the URL of the company's application. Configure an Auto Scaling action to replace unhealthy instances.
D. Create an Amazon Cloud Watch alarm that monitors the UnhealthyHostCount metric for the NLB. Configure an Auto Scaling action to replace unhealthy instances when the alarm is in the ALARM state.





61. C
62. D
63. A
64. D
65. C
66. C
67. D
68. A
69. B
70. C



# 71
A company runs a shopping application that uses Amazon DynamoDB to store customer information. In case of data corruption, a solutions architect needs to design a solution that meets a recovery point objective (RPO) of 15 minutes and a recovery time objective (RTO) of 1 hour.
What should the solutions architect recommend to meet these requirements?

A. Configure DynamoDB global tables. For RPO recovery, point the application to a different AWS Region.
B. Configure DynamoDB point-in-time recovery. For RPO recovery, restore to the desired point in time.
C. Export the DynamoDB data to Amazon S3 Glacier on a daily basis. For RPO recovery, import the data from S3 Glacier to DynamoDB.
D. Schedule Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) snapshots for the DynamoDB table every 15 minutes. For RPO recovery, restore the DynamoDB table by using the EBS snapshot.
 
# 72
A company runs a photo processing application that needs to frequently upload and download pictures from Amazon S3 buckets that are located in the same AWS Region. A solutions architect has noticed an increased cost in data transfer fees and needs to implement a solution to reduce these costs.
How can the solutions architect meet this requirement?

A. Deploy Amazon API Gateway into a public subnet and adjust the route table to route S3 calls through it.
B. Deploy a NAT gateway into a public subnet and attach an endpoint policy that allows access to the S3 buckets.
C. Deploy the application into a public subnet and allow it to route through an internet gateway to access the S3 buckets.
D. Deploy an S3 VPC gateway endpoint into the VPC and attach an endpoint policy that allows access to the S3 buckets. 

# 73
A company recently launched Linux-based application instances on Amazon EC2 in a private subnet and launched a Linux-based bastion host on an Amazon EC2 instance in a public subnet of a VPC. A solutions architect needs to connect from the on-premises network, through the company's internet connection, to the bastion host, and to the application servers. The solutions architect must make sure that the security groups of all the EC2 instances will allow that access.
Which combination of steps should the solutions architect take to meet these requirements? (Choose two.)

A. Replace the current security group of the bastion host with one that only allows inbound access from the application instances.
B. Replace the current security group of the bastion host with one that only allows inbound access from the internal IP range for the company.
C. Replace the current security group of the bastion host with one that only allows inbound access from the external IP range for the company.
D. Replace the current security group of the application instances with one that allows inbound SSH access from only the private IP address of the bastion host.
E. Replace the current security group of the application instances with one that allows inbound SSH access from only the public IP address of the bastion host.
 
# 74
A solutions architect is designing a two-tier web application. The application consists of a public-facing web tier hosted on Amazon EC2 in public subnets. The database tier consists of Microsoft SQL Server running on Amazon EC2 in a private subnet. Security is a high priority for the company.
How should security groups be configured in this situation? (Choose two.)

A. Configure the security group for the web tier to allow inbound traffic on port 443 from 0.0.0.0/0.
B. Configure the security group for the web tier to allow outbound traffic on port 443 from 0.0.0.0/0.
C. Configure the security group for the database tier to allow inbound traffic on port 1433 from the security group for the web tier.
D. Configure the security group for the database tier to allow outbound traffic on ports 443 and 1433 to the security group for the web tier.
E. Configure the security group for the database tier to allow inbound traffic on ports 443 and 1433 from the security group for the web tier.
 
# 75
A company wants to move a multi-tiered application from on premises to the AWS Cloud to improve the application's performance. The application consists of application tiers that communicate with each other by way of RESTful services. Transactions are dropped when one tier becomes overloaded. A solutions architect must design a solution that resolves these issues and modernizes the application.
Which solution meets these requirements and is the MOST operationally efficient?

A. Use Amazon API Gateway and direct transactions to the AWS Lambda functions as the application layer. Use Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) as the communication layer between application services.
B. Use Amazon CloudWatch metrics to analyze the application performance history to determine the servers' peak utilization during the performance failures. Increase the size of the application server's Amazon EC2 instances to meet the peak requirements.
C. Use Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) to handle the messaging between application servers running on Amazon EC2 in an Auto Scaling group. Use Amazon CloudWatch to monitor the SNS queue length and scale up and down as required.
D. Use Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) to handle the messaging between application servers running on Amazon EC2 in an Auto Scaling group. Use Amazon CloudWatch to monitor the SQS queue length and scale up when communication failures are detected.
 
# 76
A company receives 10 TB of instrumentation data each day from several machines located at a single factory. The data consists of JSON files stored on a storage area network (SAN) in an on-premises data center located within the factory. The company wants to send this data to Amazon S3 where it can be accessed by several additional systems that provide critical near-real-time analytics. A secure transfer is important because the data is considered sensitive.
Which solution offers the MOST reliable data transfer?

A. AWS DataSync over public internet
B. AWS DataSync over AWS Direct Connect
C. AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) over public internet
D. AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) over AWS Direct Connect
 
# 77
A company needs to configure a real-time data ingestion architecture for its application. The company needs an API, a process that transforms data as the data is streamed, and a storage solution for the data.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?

A. Deploy an Amazon EC2 instance to host an API that sends data to an Amazon Kinesis data stream. Create an Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose delivery stream that uses the Kinesis data stream as a data source. Use AWS Lambda functions to transform the data. Use the Kinesis Data Firehose delivery stream to send the data to Amazon S3.
B. Deploy an Amazon EC2 instance to host an API that sends data to AWS Glue. Stop source/destination checking on the EC2 instance. Use AWS Glue to transform the data and to send the data to Amazon S3.
C. Configure an Amazon API Gateway API to send data to an Amazon Kinesis data stream. Create an Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose delivery stream that uses the Kinesis data stream as a data source. Use AWS Lambda functions to transform the data. Use the Kinesis Data Firehose delivery stream to send the data to Amazon S3.
D. Configure an Amazon API Gateway API to send data to AWS Glue. Use AWS Lambda functions to transform the data. Use AWS Glue to send the data to Amazon S3.
 
# 78
A company needs to keep user transaction data in an Amazon DynamoDB table. The company must retain the data for 7 years.
What is the MOST operationally efficient solution that meets these requirements?

A. Use DynamoDB point-in-time recovery to back up the table continuously.
B. Use AWS Backup to create backup schedules and retention policies for the table.
C. Create an on-demand backup of the table by using the DynamoDB console. Store the backup in an Amazon S3 bucket. Set an S3 Lifecycle configuration for the S3 bucket.
D. Create an Amazon EventBridge (Amazon CloudWatch Events) rule to invoke an AWS Lambda function. Configure the Lambda function to back up the table and to store the backup in an Amazon S3 bucket. Set an S3 Lifecycle configuration for the S3 bucket.
 
# 79
A company is planning to use an Amazon DynamoDB table for data storage. The company is concerned about cost optimization. The table will not be used on most mornings. In the evenings, the read and write traffic will often be unpredictable. When traffic spikes occur, they will happen very quickly.
What should a solutions architect recommend?

A. Create a DynamoDB table in on-demand capacity mode.
B. Create a DynamoDB table with a global secondary index.
C. Create a DynamoDB table with provisioned capacity and auto scaling.
D. Create a DynamoDB table in provisioned capacity mode, and configure it as a global table.
 
# 80
A company recently signed a contract with an AWS Managed Service Provider (MSP) Partner for help with an application migration initiative. A solutions architect needs ta share an Amazon Machine Image (AMI) from an existing AWS account with the MSP Partner's AWS account. The AMI is backed by Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) and uses an AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) customer managed key to encrypt EBS volume snapshots.
What is the MOST secure way for the solutions architect to share the AMI with the MSP Partner's AWS account?

A. Make the encrypted AMI and snapshots publicly available. Modify the key policy to allow the MSP Partner's AWS account to use the key.
B. Modify the launchPermission property of the AMI. Share the AMI with the MSP Partner's AWS account only. Modify the key policy to allow the MSP Partner's AWS account to use the key.
C. Modify the launchPermission property of the AMI. Share the AMI with the MSP Partner's AWS account only. Modify the key policy to trust a new KMS key that is owned by the MSP Partner for encryption.
D. Export the AMI from the source account to an Amazon S3 bucket in the MSP Partner's AWS account, Encrypt the S3 bucket with a new KMS key that is owned by the MSP Partner. Copy and launch the AMI in the MSP Partner's AWS account.


71. B
72. D
73. C, D
74. A, C
75. A
76. B
77. C
78. B
79. A
80. B


# 81
A solutions architect is designing the cloud architecture for a new application being deployed on AWS. The process should run in parallel while adding and removing application nodes as needed based on the number of jobs to be processed. The processor application is stateless. The solutions architect must ensure that the application is loosely coupled and the job items are durably stored.
Which design should the solutions architect use?

A. Create an Amazon SNS topic to send the jobs that need to be processed. Create an Amazon Machine Image (AMI) that consists of the processor application. Create a launch configuration that uses the AMI. Create an Auto Scaling group using the launch configuration. Set the scaling policy for the Auto Scaling group to add and remove nodes based on CPU usage.
B. Create an Amazon SQS queue to hold the jobs that need to be processed. Create an Amazon Machine Image (AMI) that consists of the processor application. Create a launch configuration that uses the AMI. Create an Auto Scaling group using the launch configuration. Set the scaling policy for the Auto Scaling group to add and remove nodes based on network usage.
C. Create an Amazon SQS queue to hold the jobs that need to be processed. Create an Amazon Machine Image (AMI) that consists of the processor application. Create a launch template that uses the AMI. Create an Auto Scaling group using the launch template. Set the scaling policy for the Auto Scaling group to add and remove nodes based on the number of items in the SQS queue.
D. Create an Amazon SNS topic to send the jobs that need to be processed. Create an Amazon Machine Image (AMI) that consists of the processor application. Create a launch template that uses the AMI. Create an Auto Scaling group using the launch template. Set the scaling policy for the Auto Scaling group to add and remove nodes based on the number of messages published to the SNS topic.
 
# 82
A company hosts its web applications in the AWS Cloud. The company configures Elastic Load Balancers to use certificates that are imported into AWS Certificate Manager (ACM). The company's security team must be notified 30 days before the expiration of each certificate.
What should a solutions architect recommend to meet this requirement?

A. Add a rule in ACM to publish a custom message to an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic every day, beginning 30 days before any certificate will expire.

B. Create an AWS Config rule that checks for certificates that will expire within 30 days. Configure Amazon EventBridge (Amazon CloudWatch Events) to invoke a custom alert by way of Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) when AWS Config reports a noncompliant resource.

C. Use AWS Trusted Advisor to check for certificates that will expire within 30 days. Create an Amazon CloudWatch alarm that is based on Trusted Advisor metrics for check status changes. Configure the alarm to send a custom alert by way of Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS).

D. Create an Amazon EventBridge (Amazon CloudWatch Events) rule to detect any certificates that will expire within 30 days. Configure the rule to invoke an AWS Lambda function. Configure the Lambda function to send a custom alert by way of Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS). 

# 83
A company's dynamic website is hosted using on-premises servers in the United States. The company is launching its product in Europe, and it wants to optimize site loading times for new European users. The site's backend must remain in the United States. The product is being launched in a few days, and an immediate solution is needed.
What should the solutions architect recommend?

A. Launch an Amazon EC2 instance in us-east-1 and migrate the site to it.
B. Move the website to Amazon S3. Use Cross-Region Replication between Regions.
C. Use Amazon CloudFront with a custom origin pointing to the on-premises servers.
D. Use an Amazon Route 53 geoproximity routing policy pointing to on-premises servers.
 
# 84
A company wants to reduce the cost of its existing three-tier web architecture. The web, application, and database servers are running on Amazon EC2 instances for the development, test, and production environments. The EC2 instances average 30% CPU utilization during peak hours and 10% CPU utilization during non-peak hours.
The production EC2 instances run 24 hours a day. The development and test EC2 instances run for at least 8 hours each day. The company plans to implement automation to stop the development and test EC2 instances when they are not in use.
Which EC2 instance purchasing solution will meet the company's requirements MOST cost-effectively?

A. Use Spot Instances for the production EC2 instances. Use Reserved Instances for the development and test EC2 instances.
B. Use Reserved Instances for the production EC2 instances. Use On-Demand Instances for the development and test EC2 instances.
C. Use Spot blocks for the production EC2 instances. Use Reserved Instances for the development and test EC2 instances.
D. Use On-Demand Instances for the production EC2 instances. Use Spot blocks for the development and test EC2 instances.
 
# 85
A company has a production web application in which users upload documents through a web interface or a mobile app. According to a new regulatory requirement. new documents cannot be modified or deleted after they are stored.
What should a solutions architect do to meet this requirement?

A. Store the uploaded documents in an Amazon S3 bucket with S3 Versioning and S3 Object Lock enabled.
B. Store the uploaded documents in an Amazon S3 bucket. Configure an S3 Lifecycle policy to archive the documents periodically.
C. Store the uploaded documents in an Amazon S3 bucket with S3 Versioning enabled. Configure an ACL to restrict all access to read-only.
D. Store the uploaded documents on an Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) volume. Access the data by mounting the volume in read-only mode.
 
# 86
A company has several web servers that need to frequently access a common Amazon RDS MySQL Multi-AZ DB instance. The company wants a secure method for the web servers to connect to the database while meeting a security requirement to rotate user credentials frequently.
Which solution meets these requirements?

A. Store the database user credentials in AWS Secrets Manager. Grant the necessary IAM permissions to allow the web servers to access AWS Secrets Manager.
B. Store the database user credentials in AWS Systems Manager OpsCenter. Grant the necessary IAM permissions to allow the web servers to access OpsCenter.
C. Store the database user credentials in a secure Amazon S3 bucket. Grant the necessary IAM permissions to allow the web servers to retrieve credentials and access the database.
D. Store the database user credentials in files encrypted with AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) on the web server file system. The web server should be able to decrypt the files and access the database.
 
# 87
A company hosts an application on AWS Lambda functions that are invoked by an Amazon API Gateway API. The Lambda functions save customer data to an Amazon Aurora MySQL database. Whenever the company upgrades the database, the Lambda functions fail to establish database connections until the upgrade is complete. The result is that customer data is not recorded for some of the event.
A solutions architect needs to design a solution that stores customer data that is created during database upgrades.
Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Provision an Amazon RDS proxy to sit between the Lambda functions and the database. Configure the Lambda functions to connect to the RDS proxy.
B. Increase the run time of the Lambda functions to the maximum. Create a retry mechanism in the code that stores the customer data in the database.
C. Persist the customer data to Lambda local storage. Configure new Lambda functions to scan the local storage to save the customer data to the database.
D. Store the customer data in an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) FIFO queue. Create a new Lambda function that polls the queue and stores the customer data in the database. 

# 88
A survey company has gathered data for several years from areas in the United States. The company hosts the data in an Amazon S3 bucket that is 3 TB in size and growing. The company has started to share the data with a European marketing firm that has S3 buckets. The company wants to ensure that its data transfer costs remain as low as possible.
Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Configure the Requester Pays feature on the company's S3 bucket.
B. Configure S3 Cross-Region Replication from the company's S3 bucket to one of the marketing firm's S3 buckets.
C. Configure cross-account access for the marketing firm so that the marketing firm has access to the company's S3 bucket.
D. Configure the company's S3 bucket to use S3 Intelligent-Tiering. Sync the S3 bucket to one of the marketing firm's S3 buckets.
 
# 89
A company uses Amazon S3 to store its confidential audit documents. The S3 bucket uses bucket policies to restrict access to audit team IAM user credentials according to the principle of least privilege. Company managers are worried about accidental deletion of documents in the S3 bucket and want a more secure solution.
What should a solutions architect do to secure the audit documents?

A. Enable the versioning and MFA Delete features on the S3 bucket.
B. Enable multi-factor authentication (MFA) on the IAM user credentials for each audit team IAM user account.
C. Add an S3 Lifecycle policy to the audit team's IAM user accounts to deny the s3:DeleteObject action during audit dates.
D. Use AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) to encrypt the S3 bucket and restrict audit team IAM user accounts from accessing the KMS key.
 
# 90
A company is using a SQL database to store movie data that is publicly accessible. The database runs on an Amazon RDS Single-AZ DB instance. A script runs queries at random intervals each day to record the number of new movies that have been added to the database. The script must report a final total during business hours.
The company's development team notices that the database performance is inadequate for development tasks when the script is running. A solutions architect must recommend a solution to resolve this issue.
Which solution will meet this requirement with the LEAST operational overhead?

A. Modify the DB instance to be a Multi-AZ deployment.
B. Create a read replica of the database. Configure the script to query only the read replica.
C. Instruct the development team to manually export the entries in the database at the end of each day.
D. Use Amazon ElastiCache to cache the common queries that the script runs against the database.

# 91
A company has applications that run on Amazon EC2 instances in a VPC. One of the applications needs to call the Amazon S3 API to store and read objects. According to the company's security regulations, no traffic from the applications is allowed to travel across the internet.
Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Configure an S3 gateway endpoint.
B. Create an S3 bucket in a private subnet.
C. Create an S3 bucket in the same AWS Region as the EC2 instances.
D. Configure a NAT gateway in the same subnet as the EC2 instances.
 
# 92
A company is storing sensitive user information in an Amazon S3 bucket. The company wants to provide secure access to this bucket from the application tier running on Amazon EC2 instances inside a VPC.
Which combination of steps should a solutions architect take to accomplish this? (Choose two.)

A. Configure a VPC gateway endpoint for Amazon S3 within the VPC.
B. Create a bucket policy to make the objects in the S3 bucket public.
C. Create a bucket policy that limits access to only the application tier running in the VPC.
D. Create an IAM user with an S3 access policy and copy the IAM credentials to the EC2 instance.
E. Create a NAT instance and have the EC2 instances use the NAT instance to access the S3 bucket.
 
# 93
A company runs an on-premises application that is powered by a MySQL database. The company is migrating the application to AWS to increase the application's elasticity and availability.
The current architecture shows heavy read activity on the database during times of normal operation. Every 4 hours, the company's development team pulls a full export of the production database to populate a database in the staging environment. During this period, users experience unacceptable application latency. The development team is unable to use the staging environment until the procedure completes.
A solutions architect must recommend replacement architecture that alleviates the application latency issue. The replacement architecture also must give the development team the ability to continue using the staging environment without delay.
Which solution meets these requirements?

---

한 회사에서 MySQL 데이터베이스로 구동되는 온프레미스 애플리케이션을 실행합니다. 이 회사는 애플리케이션의 탄력성과 가용성을 높이기 위해 애플리케이션을 AWS로 마이그레이션하고 있습니다.
현재 아키텍처는 정상 작동 시간 동안 데이터베이스에서 많은 읽기 활동을 보여줍니다. 4시간마다 회사의 개발팀은 프로덕션 데이터베이스의 전체 내보내기를 가져와 스테이징 환경에서 데이터베이스를 채웁니다. 이 기간 동안 사용자는 허용할 수 없는 애플리케이션 지연을 경험합니다. 개발팀은 절차가 완료될 때까지 스테이징 환경을 사용할 수 없습니다.
솔루션 아키텍트는 애플리케이션 지연 문제를 완화하는 대체 아키텍처를 권장해야 합니다. 또한 대체 아키텍처는 개발팀이 지연 없이 스테이징 환경을 계속 사용할 수 있는 기능을 제공해야 합니다.
이러한 요구 사항을 충족하는 솔루션은 무엇입니까?

---

A. Use Amazon Aurora MySQL with Multi-AZ Aurora Replicas for production. Populate the staging database by implementing a backup and restore process that uses the mysqldump utility.

B. Use Amazon Aurora MySQL with Multi-AZ Aurora Replicas for production. Use database cloning to create the staging database on-demand.

C. Use Amazon RDS for MySQL with a Multi-AZ deployment and read replicas for production. Use the standby instance for the staging database.

D. Use Amazon RDS for MySQL with a Multi-AZ deployment and read replicas for production. Populate the staging database by implementing a backup and restore process that uses the mysqldump utility.
 
# 94
A company is designing an application where users upload small files into Amazon S3. After a user uploads a file, the file requires one-time simple processing to transform the data and save the data in JSON format for later analysis.
Each file must be processed as quickly as possible after it is uploaded. Demand will vary. On some days, users will upload a high number of files. On other days, users will upload a few files or no files.
Which solution meets these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?

A. Configure Amazon EMR to read text files from Amazon S3. Run processing scripts to transform the data. Store the resulting JSON file in an Amazon Aurora DB cluster.
B. Configure Amazon S3 to send an event notification to an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue. Use Amazon EC2 instances to read from the queue and process the data. Store the resulting JSON file in Amazon DynamoDB.
C. Configure Amazon S3 to send an event notification to an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue. Use an AWS Lambda function to read from the queue and process the data. Store the resulting JSON file in Amazon DynamoDB.
D. Configure Amazon EventBridge (Amazon CloudWatch Events) to send an event to Amazon Kinesis Data Streams when a new file is uploaded. Use an AWS Lambda function to consume the event from the stream and process the data. Store the resulting JSON file in an Amazon Aurora DB cluster.
 
# 95
An application allows users at a company's headquarters to access product data. The product data is stored in an Amazon RDS MySQL DB instance. The operations team has isolated an application performance slowdown and wants to separate read traffic from write traffic. A solutions architect needs to optimize the application's performance quickly.
What should the solutions architect recommend?

A. Change the existing database to a Multi-AZ deployment. Serve the read requests from the primary Availability Zone.
B. Change the existing database to a Multi-AZ deployment. Serve the read requests from the secondary Availability Zone.
C. Create read replicas for the database. Configure the read replicas with half of the compute and storage resources as the source database.
D. Create read replicas for the database. Configure the read replicas with the same compute and storage resources as the source database. 

# 96
An Amazon EC2 administrator created the following policy associated with an IAM group containing several users:
```javascript
{
    "Version": "2012-10-17", 
    "Statement": [
        {
            "Effect": "Allow",
            "Action": "ec2: TerminateInstances",
            "Resource": "*",
            "Condition": {
                "IpAddress": {
                    "aws: SourceIp": "10.100.100.0/24"
                }
            }
        },
        {
            "Effect": "Deny", 
            "Action": "ec2:*", 
            "Resource": "*", 
            "Condition": {
                "StringNotEquals": {
                    "ec2: Region": "us-east-1"
                }
            }
        }
    ]
}
```
What is the effect of this policy?

A. Users can terminate an EC2 instance in any AWS Region except us-east-1.
B. Users can terminate an EC2 instance with the IP address 10.100.100.1 in the us-east-1 Region.
C. Users can terminate an EC2 instance in the us-east-1 Region when the user's source IP is 10.100.100.254.
D. Users cannot terminate an EC2 instance in the us-east-1 Region when the user's source IP is 10.100.100.254.
 
# 97
A company has a large Microsoft SharePoint deployment running on-premises that requires Microsoft Windows shared file storage. The company wants to migrate this workload to the AWS Cloud and is considering various storage options. The storage solution must be highly available and integrated with Active Directory for access control.
Which solution will satisfy these requirements?

A. Configure Amazon EFS storage and set the Active Directory domain for authentication.
B. Create an SMB file share on an AWS Storage Gateway file gateway in two Availability Zones.
C. Create an Amazon S3 bucket and configure Microsoft Windows Server to mount it as a volume.
D. Create an Amazon FSx for Windows File Server file system on AWS and set the Active Directory domain for authentication. 

# 98
An image-processing company has a web application that users use to upload images. The application uploads the images into an Amazon S3 bucket. The company has set up S3 event notifications to publish the object creation events to an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) standard queue. The SQS queue serves as the event source for an AWS Lambda function that processes the images and sends the results to users through email.
Users report that they are receiving multiple email messages for every uploaded image. A solutions architect determines that SQS messages are invoking the Lambda function more than once, resulting in multiple email messages.
What should the solutions architect do to resolve this issue with the LEAST operational overhead?

---

이미지 처리 회사에 사용자가 이미지를 업로드하는 데 사용하는 웹 애플리케이션이 있습니다. 이 애플리케이션은 이미지를 Amazon S3 버킷에 업로드합니다. 이 회사는 Amazon Simple Queue Service(Amazon SQS) 표준 대기열에 객체 생성 이벤트를 게시하기 위해 S3 이벤트 알림을 설정했습니다. SQS 대기열은 이미지를 처리하고 결과를 이메일을 통해 사용자에게 보내는 AWS Lambda 함수의 이벤트 소스 역할을 합니다.
사용자는 업로드된 모든 이미지에 대해 여러 이메일 메시지를 받는다고 보고합니다. 솔루션 아키텍트는 SQS 메시지가 Lambda 함수를 두 번 이상 호출하여 여러 이메일 메시지가 생성된다는 것을 확인합니다.
솔루션 아키텍트는 최소한의 운영 오버헤드로 이 문제를 해결하기 위해 무엇을 해야 합니까?

---

A. Set up long polling in the SQS queue by increasing the ReceiveMessage wait time to 30 seconds.
B. Change the SQS standard queue to an SQS FIFO queue. Use the message deduplication ID to discard duplicate messages.
C. Increase the visibility timeout in the SQS queue to a value that is greater than the total of the function timeout and the batch window timeout.
D. Modify the Lambda function to delete each message from the SQS queue immediately after the message is read before processing.
 
# 99
A company is implementing a shared storage solution for a gaming application that is hosted in an on-premises data center. The company needs the ability to use Lustre clients to access data. The solution must be fully managed.
Which solution meets these requirements?

A. Create an AWS Storage Gateway file gateway. Create a file share that uses the required client protocol. Connect the application server to the file share.
B. Create an Amazon EC2 Windows instance. Install and configure a Windows file share role on the instance. Connect the application server to the file share.
C. Create an Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) file system, and configure it to support Lustre. Attach the file system to the origin server. Connect the application server to the file system.
D. Create an Amazon FSx for Lustre file system. Attach the file system to the origin server. Connect the application server to the file system. 

# 100
A company's containerized application runs on an Amazon EC2 instance. The application needs to download security certificates before it can communicate with other business applications. The company wants a highly secure solution to encrypt and decrypt the certificates in near real time. The solution also needs to store data in highly available storage after the data is encrypted.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?

A. Create AWS Secrets Manager secrets for encrypted certificates. Manually update the certificates as needed. Control access to the data by using fine-grained IAM access.
B. Create an AWS Lambda function that uses the Python cryptography library to receive and perform encryption operations. Store the function in an Amazon S3 bucket.
C. Create an AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) customer managed key. Allow the EC2 role to use the KMS key for encryption operations. Store the encrypted data on Amazon S3.
D. Create an AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) customer managed key. Allow the EC2 role to use the KMS key for encryption operations. Store the encrypted data on Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volumes.