# 751
A solutions architect is designing an AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) authorization model for a company's AWS account. The company has designated five specific employees to have full access to AWS services and resources in the AWS account.

The solutions architect has created an IAM user for each of the five designated employees and has created an IAM user group.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Attach the AdministratorAccess resource-based policy to the IAM user group. Place each of the five designated employee IAM users in the IAM user group.

B. Attach the SystemAdministrator identity-based policy to the IAM user group. Place each of the five designated employee IAM users in the IAM user group.

C. Attach the AdministratorAccess identity-based policy to the IAM user group. Place each of the five designated employee IAM users in the IAM user group.

D. Attach the SystemAdministrator resource-based policy to the IAM user group. Place each of the five designated employee IAM users in the IAM user group.

# 752
A company has a multi-tier payment processing application that is based on virtual machines (VMs). The communication between the tiers occurs asynchronously through a third-party middleware solution that guarantees exactly-once delivery.

The company needs a solution that requires the least amount of infrastructure management. The solution must guarantee exactly-once delivery for application messaging.

Which combination of actions will meet these requirements? (Choose two.)

A. Use AWS Lambda for the compute layers in the architecture.
B. Use Amazon EC2 instances for the compute layers in the architecture.
C. Use Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) as the messaging component between the compute layers.
D. Use Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) FIFO queues as the messaging component between the compute layers.
E. Use containers that are based on Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS) for the compute layers in the architecture.

# 753
A company has a nightly batch processing routine that analyzes report files that an on-premises file system receives daily through SFTP. The company wants to move the solution to the AWS Cloud. The solution must be highly available and resilient. The solution also must minimize operational effort.

Which solution meets these requirements?

A. Deploy AWS Transfer for SFTP and an Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) file system for storage. Use an Amazon EC2 instance in an Auto Scaling group with a scheduled scaling policy to run the batch operation.

B. Deploy an Amazon EC2 instance that runs Linux and an SFTP service. Use an Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume for storage. Use an Auto Scaling group with the minimum number of instances and desired number of instances set to 1.

C. Deploy an Amazon EC2 instance that runs Linux and an SFTP service. Use an Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) file system for storage. Use an Auto Scaling group with the minimum number of instances and desired number of instances set to 1.

D. Deploy AWS Transfer for SFTP and an Amazon S3 bucket for storage. Modify the application to pull the batch files from Amazon S3 to an Amazon EC2 instance for processing. Use an EC2 instance in an Auto Scaling group with a scheduled scaling policy to run the batch operation.

# 754
A company has users all around the world accessing its HTTP-based application deployed on Amazon EC2 instances in multiple AWS Regions. The company wants to improve the availability and performance of the application. The company also wants to protect the application against common web exploits that may affect availability, compromise security, or consume excessive resources. Static IP addresses are required.

What should a solutions architect recommend to accomplish this?

---

A. Put the EC2 instances behind Network Load Balancers (NLBs) in each Region. Deploy AWS WAF on the NLBs. Create an accelerator using AWS Global Accelerator and register the NLBs as endpoints.

B. Put the EC2 instances behind Application Load Balancers (ALBs) in each Region. Deploy AWS WAF on the ALBs. Create an accelerator using AWS Global Accelerator and register the ALBs as endpoints.

C. Put the EC2 instances behind Network Load Balancers (NLBs) in each Region. Deploy AWS WAF on the NLBs. Create an Amazon CloudFront distribution with an origin that uses Amazon Route 53 latency-based routing to route requests to the NLBs.

D. Put the EC2 instances behind Application Load Balancers (ALBs) in each Region. Create an Amazon CloudFront distribution with an origin that uses Amazon Route 53 latency-based routing to route requests to the ALBs. Deploy AWS WAF on the CloudFront distribution.

# 755
A company’s data platform uses an Amazon Aurora MySQL database. The database has multiple read replicas and multiple DB instances across different Availability Zones. Users have recently reported errors from the database that indicate that there are too many connections. The company wants to reduce the failover time by 20% when a read replica is promoted to primary writer.

Which solution will meet this requirement?

---

A. Switch from Aurora to Amazon RDS with Multi-AZ cluster deployment.
B. Use Amazon RDS Proxy in front of the Aurora database.
C. Switch to Amazon DynamoDB with DynamoDB Accelerator (DAX) for read connections.
D. Switch to Amazon Redshift with relocation capability.

# 756
A company stores text files in Amazon S3. The text files include customer chat messages, date and time information, and customer personally identifiable information (PII).

The company needs a solution to provide samples of the conversations to an external service provider for quality control. The external service provider needs to randomly pick sample conversations up to the most recent conversation. The company must not share the customer PII with the external service provider. The solution must scale when the number of customer conversations increases.

Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?

---

A. Create an Object Lambda Access Point. Create an AWS Lambda function that redacts the PII when the function reads the file. Instruct the external service provider to access the Object Lambda Access Point.

B. Create a batch process on an Amazon EC2 instance that regularly reads all new files, redacts the PII from the files, and writes the redacted files to a different S3 bucket. Instruct the external service provider to access the bucket that does not contain the PII.

B. Create a web application on an Amazon EC2 instance that presents a list of the files, redacts the PII from the files, and allows the external service provider to download new versions of the files that have the PII redacted.

D. Create an Amazon DynamoDB table. Create an AWS Lambda function that reads only the data in the files that does not contain PII. Configure the Lambda function to store the non-PII data in the DynamoDB table when a new file is written to Amazon S3. Grant the external service provider access to the DynamoDB table.

# 757
A company is running a legacy system on an Amazon EC2 instance. The application code cannot be modified, and the system cannot run on more than one instance. A solutions architect must design a resilient solution that can improve the recovery time for the system.

What should the solutions architect recommend to meet these requirements?

A. Enable termination protection for the EC2 instance.
B. Configure the EC2 instance for Multi-AZ deployment.
C. Create an Amazon CloudWatch alarm to recover the EC2 instance in case of failure.
D. Launch the EC2 instance with two Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volumes that use RAID configurations for storage redundancy.

# 758
A company wants to deploy its containerized application workloads to a VPC across three Availability Zones. The company needs a solution that is highly available across Availability Zones. The solution must require minimal changes to the application.

Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?

---

A. Use Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS). Configure Amazon ECS Service Auto Scaling to use target tracking scaling. Set the minimum capacity to 3. Set the task placement strategy type to spread with an Availability Zone attribute.

B. Use Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS) self-managed nodes. Configure Application Auto Scaling to use target tracking scaling. Set the minimum capacity to 3.

C. Use Amazon EC2 Reserved Instances. Launch three EC2 instances in a spread placement group. Configure an Auto Scaling group to use target tracking scaling. Set the minimum capacity to 3.

D. Use an AWS Lambda function. Configure the Lambda function to connect to a VPC. Configure Application Auto Scaling to use Lambda as a scalable target. Set the minimum capacity to 3.

# 759
A media company stores movies in Amazon S3. Each movie is stored in a single video file that ranges from 1 GB to 10 GB in size.

The company must be able to provide the streaming content of a movie within 5 minutes of a user purchase. There is higher demand for movies that are less than 20 years old than for movies that are more than 20 years old. The company wants to minimize hosting service costs based on demand.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

---

A. Store all media content in Amazon S3. Use S3 Lifecycle policies to move media data into the Infrequent Access tier when the demand for a movie decreases.

B. Store newer movie video files in S3 Standard. Store older movie video files in S3 Standard-infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA). When a user orders an older movie, retrieve the video file by using standard retrieval.

C. Store newer movie video files in S3 Intelligent-Tiering. Store older movie video files in S3 Glacier Flexible Retrieval. When a user orders an older movie, retrieve the video file by using expedited retrieval.

D. Store newer movie video files in S3 Standard. Store older movie video files in S3 Glacier Flexible Retrieval. When a user orders an older movie, retrieve the video file by using bulk retrieval.


# 760
A solutions architect needs to design the architecture for an application that a vendor provides as a Docker container image. The container needs 50 GB of storage available for temporary files. The infrastructure must be serverless.

Which solution meets these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?

---

A. Create an AWS Lambda function that uses the Docker container image with an Amazon S3 mounted volume that has more than 50 GB of space.

B. Create an AWS Lambda function that uses the Docker container image with an Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume that has more than 50 GB of space.

C. Create an Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) cluster that uses the AWS Fargate launch type. Create a task definition for the container image with an Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) volume. Create a service with that task definition.

D. Create an Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) cluster that uses the Amazon EC2 launch type with an Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume that has more than 50 GB of space. Create a task definition for the container image. Create a service with that task definition.

# 761
A company needs to use its on-premises LDAP directory service to authenticate its users to the AWS Management Console. The directory service is not compatible with Security Assertion Markup Language (SAML).

Which solution meets these requirements?

---

A. Enable AWS IAM Identity Center (AWS Single Sign-On) between AWS and the on-premises LDAP.

B. Create an IAM policy that uses AWS credentials, and integrate the policy into LDAP.

C. Set up a process that rotates the IAM credentials whenever LDAP credentials are updated.

D. Develop an on-premises custom identity broker application or process that uses AWS Security Token Service (AWS STS) to get short-lived credentials.

# 762
A company stores multiple Amazon Machine Images (AMIs) in an AWS account to launch its Amazon EC2 instances. The AMIs contain critical data and configurations that are necessary for the company’s operations. The company wants to implement a solution that will recover accidentally deleted AMIs quickly and efficiently.

Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?

---

A. Create Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) snapshots of the AMIs. Store the snapshots in a separate AWS account.
B. Copy all AMIs to another AWS account periodically.
C. Create a retention rule in Recycle Bin.
D. Upload the AMIs to an Amazon S3 bucket that has Cross-Region Replication.


# 763
A company has 150 TB of archived image data stored on-premises that needs to be moved to the AWS Cloud within the next month. The company’s current network connection allows up to 100 Mbps uploads for this purpose during the night only.

What is the MOST cost-effective mechanism to move this data and meet the migration deadline?

A. Use AWS Snowmobile to ship the data to AWS.
B. Order multiple AWS Snowball devices to ship the data to AWS.
C. Enable Amazon S3 Transfer Acceleration and securely upload the data.
D. Create an Amazon S3 VPC endpoint and establish a VPN to upload the data.

# 764
A company wants to migrate its three-tier application from on premises to AWS. The web tier and the application tier are running on third-party virtual machines (VMs). The database tier is running on MySQL.

The company needs to migrate the application by making the fewest possible changes to the architecture. The company also needs a database solution that can restore data to a specific point in time.

Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?

---

A. Migrate the web tier and the application tier to Amazon EC2 instances in private subnets. Migrate the database tier to Amazon RDS for MySQL in private subnets.

B. Migrate the web tier to Amazon EC2 instances in public subnets. Migrate the application tier to EC2 instances in private subnets. Migrate the database tier to Amazon Aurora MySQL in private subnets.

C. Migrate the web tier to Amazon EC2 instances in public subnets. Migrate the application tier to EC2 instances in private subnets. Migrate the database tier to Amazon RDS for MySQL in private subnets.

D. Migrate the web tier and the application tier to Amazon EC2 instances in public subnets. Migrate the database tier to Amazon Aurora MySQL in public subnets.

# 765
A development team is collaborating with another company to create an integrated product. The other company needs to access an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue that is contained in the development team's account. The other company wants to poll the queue without giving up its own account permissions to do so.

How should a solutions architect provide access to the SQS queue?

---

A. Create an instance profile that provides the other company access to the SQS queue.
B. Create an IAM policy that provides the other company access to the SQS queue.
C. Create an SQS access policy that provides the other company access to the SQS queue.
D. Create an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) access policy that provides the other company access to the SQS queue.

# 766
A company’s developers want a secure way to gain SSH access on the company's Amazon EC2 instances that run the latest version of Amazon Linux. The developers work remotely and in the corporate office.

The company wants to use AWS services as a part of the solution. The EC2 instances are hosted in a VPC private subnet and access the internet through a NAT gateway that is deployed in a public subnet.

What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?

---

A. Create a bastion host in the same subnet as the EC2 instances. Grant the ec2:CreateVpnConnection IAM permission to the developers. Install EC2 Instance Connect so that the developers can connect to the EC2 instances.

B. Create an AWS Site-to-Site VPN connection between the corporate network and the VPC. Instruct the developers to use the Site-to-Site VPN connection to access the EC2 instances when the developers are on the corporate network. Instruct the developers to set up another VPN connection for access when they work remotely.

C. Create a bastion host in the public subnet of the VPConfigure the security groups and SSH keys of the bastion host to only allow connections and SSH authentication from the developers’ corporate and remote networks. Instruct the developers to connect through the bastion host by using SSH to reach the EC2 instances.

D. Attach the AmazonSSMManagedInstanceCore IAM policy to an IAM role that is associated with the EC2 instances. Instruct the developers to use AWS Systems Manager Session Manager to access the EC2 instances.

# 767
A pharmaceutical company is developing a new drug. The volume of data that the company generates has grown exponentially over the past few months. The company's researchers regularly require a subset of the entire dataset to be immediately available with minimal lag. However, the entire dataset does not need to be accessed on a daily basis. All the data currently resides in on-premises storage arrays, and the company wants to reduce ongoing capital expenses.

Which storage solution should a solutions architect recommend to meet these requirements?

---

A. Run AWS DataSync as a scheduled cron job to migrate the data to an Amazon S3 bucket on an ongoing basis.

B. Deploy an AWS Storage Gateway file gateway with an Amazon S3 bucket as the target storage. Migrate the data to the Storage Gateway appliance.

C. Deploy an AWS Storage Gateway volume gateway with cached volumes with an Amazon S3 bucket as the target storage. Migrate the data to the Storage Gateway appliance.

D. Configure an AWS Site-to-Site VPN connection from the on-premises environment to AWS. Migrate data to an Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) file system.

# 768
A company has a business-critical application that runs on Amazon EC2 instances. The application stores data in an Amazon DynamoDB table. The company must be able to revert the table to any point within the last 24 hours.

Which solution meets these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?

---

A. Configure point-in-time recovery for the table.
B. Use AWS Backup for the table.
C. Use an AWS Lambda function to make an on-demand backup of the table every hour.
D. Turn on streams on the table to capture a log of all changes to the table in the last 24 hours. Store a copy of the stream in an Amazon S3 bucket.

# 769
A company hosts an application used to upload files to an Amazon S3 bucket. Once uploaded, the files are processed to extract metadata, which takes less than 5 seconds. The volume and frequency of the uploads varies from a few files each hour to hundreds of concurrent uploads. The company has asked a solutions architect to design a cost-effective architecture that will meet these requirements.

What should the solutions architect recommend?

---

A. Configure AWS CloudTrail trails to log S3 API calls. Use AWS AppSync to process the files.

B. Configure an object-created event notification within the S3 bucket to invoke an AWS Lambda function to process the files.

C. Configure Amazon Kinesis Data Streams to process and send data to Amazon S3. Invoke an AWS Lambda function to process the files.

D. Configure an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic to process the files uploaded to Amazon S3. Invoke an AWS Lambda function to process the files.

# 770
A company’s application is deployed on Amazon EC2 instances and uses AWS Lambda functions for an event-driven architecture. The company uses nonproduction development environments in a different AWS account to test new features before the company deploys the features to production.

The production instances show constant usage because of customers in different time zones. The company uses nonproduction instances only during business hours on weekdays. The company does not use the nonproduction instances on the weekends. The company wants to optimize the costs to run its application on AWS.

Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?

---

A. Use On-Demand Instances for the production instances. Use Dedicated Hosts for the nonproduction instances on weekends only.

B. Use Reserved Instances for the production instances and the nonproduction instances. Shut down the nonproduction instances when not in use.

C. Use Compute Savings Plans for the production instances. Use On-Demand Instances for the nonproduction instances. Shut down the nonproduction instances when not in use.

D. Use Dedicated Hosts for the production instances. Use EC2 Instance Savings Plans for the nonproduction instances.

# 771
A company stores data in an on-premises Oracle relational database. The company needs to make the data available in Amazon Aurora PostgreSQL for analysis. The company uses an AWS Site-to-Site VPN connection to connect its on-premises network to AWS.

The company must capture the changes that occur to the source database during the migration to Aurora PostgreSQL.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

---

A. Use the AWS Schema Conversion Tool (AWS SCT) to convert the Oracle schema to Aurora PostgreSQL schema. Use the AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) full-load migration task to migrate the data.

B. Use AWS DataSync to migrate the data to an Amazon S3 bucket. Import the S3 data to Aurora PostgreSQL by using the Aurora PostgreSQL aws_s3 extension.

C. Use the AWS Schema Conversion Tool (AWS SCT) to convert the Oracle schema to Aurora PostgreSQL schema. Use AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) to migrate the existing data and replicate the ongoing changes.

D. Use an AWS Snowball device to migrate the data to an Amazon S3 bucket. Import the S3 data to Aurora PostgreSQL by using the Aurora PostgreSQL aws_s3 extension.

# 772
A company built an application with Docker containers and needs to run the application in the AWS Cloud. The company wants to use a managed service to host the application.

The solution must scale in and out appropriately according to demand on the individual container services. The solution also must not result in additional operational overhead or infrastructure to manage.

Which solutions will meet these requirements? (Choose two.)

---

A. Use Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) with AWS Fargate.
B. Use Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS) with AWS Fargate.
C. Provision an Amazon API Gateway API. Connect the API to AWS Lambda to run the containers.
D. Use Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) with Amazon EC2 worker nodes.
E. Use Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS) with Amazon EC2 worker nodes.

# 773
An ecommerce company is running a seasonal online sale. The company hosts its website on Amazon EC2 instances spanning multiple Availability Zones. The company wants its website to manage sudden traffic increases during the sale.

Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?

---

A. Create an Auto Scaling group that is large enough to handle peak traffic load. Stop half of the Amazon EC2 instances. Configure the Auto Scaling group to use the stopped instances to scale out when traffic increases.

B. Create an Auto Scaling group for the website. Set the minimum size of the Auto Scaling group so that it can handle high traffic volumes without the need to scale out.

C. Use Amazon CloudFront and Amazon ElastiCache to cache dynamic content with an Auto Scaling group set as the origin. Configure the Auto Scaling group with the instances necessary to populate CloudFront and ElastiCache. Scale in after the cache is fully populated.

D. Configure an Auto Scaling group to scale out as traffic increases. Create a launch template to start new instances from a preconfigured Amazon Machine Image (AMI).

# 774
A solutions architect must provide an automated solution for a company's compliance policy that states security groups cannot include a rule that allows SSH from 0.0.0.0/0. The company needs to be notified if there is any breach in the policy. A solution is needed as soon as possible.

What should the solutions architect do to meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?

---

A. Write an AWS Lambda script that monitors security groups for SSH being open to 0.0.0.0/0 addresses and creates a notification every time it finds one.

B. Enable the restricted-ssh AWS Config managed rule and generate an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) notification when a noncompliant rule is created.

C. Create an IAM role with permissions to globally open security groups and network ACLs. Create an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic to generate a notification every time the role is assumed by a user.

D. Configure a service control policy (SCP) that prevents non-administrative users from creating or editing security groups. Create a notification in the ticketing system when a user requests a rule that needs administrator permissions.

# 775
Use Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS) with Amazon EC2 worker nodes.

A company has deployed an application in an AWS account. The application consists of microservices that run on AWS Lambda and Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS). A separate team supports each microservice. The company has multiple AWS accounts and wants to give each team its own account for its microservices.

A solutions architect needs to design a solution that will provide service-to-service communication over HTTPS (port 443). The solution also must provide a service registry for service discovery.

Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST administrative overhead?

---

A. Create an inspection VPC. Deploy an AWS Network Firewall firewall to the inspection VPC. Attach the inspection VPC to a new transit gateway. Route VPC-to-VPC traffic to the inspection VPC. Apply firewall rules to allow only HTTPS communication.

B. Create a VPC Lattice service network. Associate the microservices with the service network. Define HTTPS listeners for each service. Register microservice compute resources as targets. Identify VPCs that need to communicate with the services. Associate those VPCs with the service network.

C. Create a Network Load Balancer (NLB) with an HTTPS listener and target groups for each microservice. Create an AWS PrivateLink endpoint service for each microservice. Create an interface VPC endpoint in each VPC that needs to consume that microservice.

D. Create peering connections between VPCs that contain microservices. Create a prefix list for each service that requires a connection to a client. Create route tables to route traffic to the appropriate VPC. Create security groups to allow only HTTPS communication.

# 776
A company has a mobile game that reads most of its metadata from an Amazon RDS DB instance. As the game increased in popularity, developers noticed slowdowns related to the game's metadata load times. Performance metrics indicate that simply scaling the database will not help. A solutions architect must explore all options that include capabilities for snapshots, replication, and sub-millisecond response times.

What should the solutions architect recommend to solve these issues?

A. Migrate the database to Amazon Aurora with Aurora Replicas.
B. Migrate the database to Amazon DynamoDB with global tables.
C. Add an Amazon ElastiCache for Redis layer in front of the database.
D. Add an Amazon ElastiCache for Memcached layer in front of the database.


# 777
A company uses AWS Organizations for its multi-account AWS setup. The security organizational unit (OU) of the company needs to share approved Amazon Machine Images (AMIs) with the development OU. The AMIs are created by using AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) encrypted snapshots.

Which solution will meet these requirements? (Choose two.)

A. Add the development team's OU Amazon Resource Name (ARN) to the launch permission list for the AMIs.
B. Add the Organizations root Amazon Resource Name (ARN) to the launch permission list for the AMIs.
C. Update the key policy to allow the development team's OU to use the AWS KMS keys that are used to decrypt the snapshots.
D. Add the development team’s account Amazon Resource Name (ARN) to the launch permission list for the AMIs.
E. Recreate the AWS KMS key. Add a key policy to allow the Organizations root Amazon Resource Name (ARN) to use the AWS KMS key.

# 778
A data analytics company has 80 offices that are distributed globally. Each office hosts 1 PB of data and has between 1 and 2 Gbps of internet bandwidth.

The company needs to perform a one-time migration of a large amount of data from its offices to Amazon S3. The company must complete the migration within 4 weeks.

Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?

---

A. Establish a new 10 Gbps AWS Direct Connect connection to each office. Transfer the data to Amazon S3.
B. Use multiple AWS Snowball Edge storage-optimized devices to store and transfer the data to Amazon S3.
C. Use an AWS Snowmobile to store and transfer the data to Amazon S3.
D. Set up an AWS Storage Gateway Volume Gateway to transfer the data to Amazon S3.

# 779
A company has an Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) file system that contains a reference dataset. The company has applications on Amazon EC2 instances that need to read the dataset. However, the applications must not be able to change the dataset. The company wants to use IAM access control to prevent the applications from being able to modify or delete the dataset.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

---

A. Mount the EFS file system in read-only mode from within the EC2 instances.

B. Create a resource policy for the EFS file system that denies the elasticfilesystem:ClientWrite action to the IAM roles that are attached to the EC2 instances.

C. Create an identity policy for the EFS file system that denies the elasticfilesystem:ClientWrite action on the EFS file system.

D. Create an EFS access point for each application. Use Portable Operating System Interface (POSIX) file permissions to allow read-only access to files in the root directory.

# 780
A company has hired an external vendor to perform work in the company’s AWS account. The vendor uses an automated tool that is hosted in an AWS account that the vendor owns. The vendor does not have IAM access to the company’s AWS account. The company needs to grant the vendor access to the company’s AWS account.

Which solution will meet these requirements MOST securely?

---

A. Create an IAM role in the company’s account to delegate access to the vendor’s IAM role. Attach the appropriate IAM policies to the role for the permissions that the vendor requires.

B. Create an IAM user in the company’s account with a password that meets the password complexity requirements. Attach the appropriate IAM policies to the user for the permissions that the vendor requires.

C. Create an IAM group in the company’s account. Add the automated tool’s IAM user from the vendor account to the group. Attach the appropriate IAM policies to the group for the permissions that the vendor requires.

D. Create an IAM user in the company’s account that has a permission boundary that allows the vendor’s account. Attach the appropriate IAM policies to the user for the permissions that the vendor requires.

# 781
A company wants to run its experimental workloads in the AWS Cloud. The company has a budget for cloud spending. The company's CFO is concerned about cloud spending accountability for each department. The CFO wants to receive notification when the spending threshold reaches 60% of the budget.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Use cost allocation tags on AWS resources to label owners. Create usage budgets in AWS Budgets. Add an alert threshold to receive notification when spending exceeds 60% of the budget.

B. Use AWS Cost Explorer forecasts to determine resource owners. Use AWS Cost Anomaly Detection to create alert threshold notifications when spending exceeds 60% of the budget.

C. Use cost allocation tags on AWS resources to label owners. Use AWS Support API on AWS Trusted Advisor to create alert threshold notifications when spending exceeds 60% of the budget.
D. Use AWS Cost Explorer forecasts to determine resource owners. Create usage budgets in AWS Budgets. Add an alert threshold to receive notification when spending exceeds 60% of the budget.

# 782
A company wants to deploy an internal web application on AWS. The web application must be accessible only from the company's office. The company needs to download security patches for the web application from the internet.

The company has created a VPC and has configured an AWS Site-to-Site VPN connection to the company's office. A solutions architect must design a secure architecture for the web application.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

---

A. Deploy the web application on Amazon EC2 instances in public subnets behind a public Application Load Balancer (ALB). Attach an internet gateway to the VPC. Set the inbound source of the ALB's security group to 0.0.0.0/0.

B. Deploy the web application on Amazon EC2 instances in private subnets behind an internal Application Load Balancer (ALB). Deploy NAT gateways in public subnets. Attach an internet gateway to the VPC. Set the inbound source of the ALB's security group to the company's office network CIDR block.

C. Deploy the web application on Amazon EC2 instances in public subnets behind an internal Application Load Balancer (ALB). Deploy NAT gateways in private subnets. Attach an internet gateway to the VPSet the outbound destination of the ALB’s security group to the company's office network CIDR block.

D. Deploy the web application on Amazon EC2 instances in private subnets behind a public Application Load Balancer (ALB). Attach an internet gateway to the VPC. Set the outbound destination of the ALB’s security group to 0.0.0.0/0.

# 783
A company maintains its accounting records in a custom application that runs on Amazon EC2 instances. The company needs to migrate the data to an AWS managed service for development and maintenance of the application data. The solution must require minimal operational support and provide immutable, cryptographically verifiable logs of data changes.

Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?

A. Copy the records from the application into an Amazon Redshift cluster.
B. Copy the records from the application into an Amazon Neptune cluster.
C. Copy the records from the application into an Amazon Timestream database.
D. Copy the records from the application into an Amazon Quantum Ledger Database (Amazon QLDB) ledger.

# 784
A company's marketing data is uploaded from multiple sources to an Amazon S3 bucket. A series of data preparation jobs aggregate the data for reporting. The data preparation jobs need to run at regular intervals in parallel. A few jobs need to run in a specific order later.

The company wants to remove the operational overhead of job error handling, retry logic, and state management.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

---

A. Use an AWS Lambda function to process the data as soon as the data is uploaded to the S3 bucket. Invoke other Lambda functions at regularly scheduled intervals.

B. Use Amazon Athena to process the data. Use Amazon EventBridge Scheduler to invoke Athena on a regular internal.

C. Use AWS Glue DataBrew to process the data. Use an AWS Step Functions state machine to run the DataBrew data preparation jobs.

D. Use AWS Data Pipeline to process the data. Schedule Data Pipeline to process the data once at midnight.

# 785
A solutions architect is designing a payment processing application that runs on AWS Lambda in private subnets across multiple Availability Zones. The application uses multiple Lambda functions and processes millions of transactions each day.

The architecture must ensure that the application does not process duplicate payments.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

---

A. Use Lambda to retrieve all due payments. Publish the due payments to an Amazon S3 bucket. Configure the S3 bucket with an event notification to invoke another Lambda function to process the due payments.

B. Use Lambda to retrieve all due payments. Publish the due payments to an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue. Configure another Lambda function to poll the SQS queue and to process the due payments.

C. Use Lambda to retrieve all due payments. Publish the due payments to an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) FIFO queue. Configure another Lambda function to poll the FIFO queue and to process the due payments.

D. Use Lambda to retrieve all due payments. Store the due payments in an Amazon DynamoDB table. Configure streams on the DynamoDB table to invoke another Lambda function to process the due payments.

# 786
A company runs multiple workloads in its on-premises data center. The company's data center cannot scale fast enough to meet the company's expanding business needs. The company wants to collect usage and configuration data about the on-premises servers and workloads to plan a migration to AWS.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Set the home AWS Region in AWS Migration Hub. Use AWS Systems Manager to collect data about the on-premises servers.

B. Set the home AWS Region in AWS Migration Hub. Use AWS Application Discovery Service to collect data about the on-premises servers.

C. Use the AWS Schema Conversion Tool (AWS SCT) to create the relevant templates. Use AWS Trusted Advisor to collect data about the on-premises servers.

D. Use the AWS Schema Conversion Tool (AWS SCT) to create the relevant templates. Use AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) to collect data about the on-premises servers.

# 787
A company has an organization in AWS Organizations that has all features enabled. The company requires that all API calls and logins in any existing or new AWS account must be audited. The company needs a managed solution to prevent additional work and to minimize costs. The company also needs to know when any AWS account is not compliant with the AWS Foundational Security Best Practices (FSBP) standard.

Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?

A. Deploy an AWS Control Tower environment in the Organizations management account. Enable AWS Security Hub and AWS Control Tower Account Factory in the environment.

B. Deploy an AWS Control Tower environment in a dedicated Organizations member account. Enable AWS Security Hub and AWS Control Tower Account Factory in the environment.

C. Use AWS Managed Services (AMS) Accelerate to build a multi-account landing zone (MALZ). Submit an RFC to self-service provision Amazon GuardDuty in the MALZ.

D. Use AWS Managed Services (AMS) Accelerate to build a multi-account landing zone (MALZ). Submit an RFC to self-service provision AWS Security Hub in the MALZ.

# 788
A company has stored 10 TB of log files in Apache Parquet format in an Amazon S3 bucket. The company occasionally needs to use SQL to analyze the log files.

Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?

---

A. Create an Amazon Aurora MySQL database. Migrate the data from the S3 bucket into Aurora by using AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS). Issue SQL statements to the Aurora database.

B. Create an Amazon Redshift cluster. Use Redshift Spectrum to run SQL statements directly on the data in the S3 bucket.

C. Create an AWS Glue crawler to store and retrieve table metadata from the S3 bucket. Use Amazon Athena to run SQL statements directly on the data in the S3 bucket.

D. Create an Amazon EMR cluster. Use Apache Spark SQL to run SQL statements directly on the data in the S3 bucket.


# 789
A company needs a solution to prevent AWS CloudFormation stacks from deploying AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) resources that include an inline policy or “*” in the statement. The solution must also prohibit deployment of Amazon EC2 instances with public IP addresses. The company has AWS Control Tower enabled in its organization in AWS Organizations.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Use AWS Control Tower proactive controls to block deployment of EC2 instances with public IP addresses and inline policies with elevated access or “*”.

B. Use AWS Control Tower detective controls to block deployment of EC2 instances with public IP addresses and inline policies with elevated access or “*”.

C. Use AWS Config to create rules for EC2 and IAM compliance. Configure the rules to run an AWS Systems Manager Session Manager automation to delete a resource when it is not compliant.

D. Use a service control policy (SCP) to block actions for the EC2 instances and IAM resources if the actions lead to noncompliance.

# 790
A company's web application that is hosted in the AWS Cloud recently increased in popularity. The web application currently exists on a single Amazon EC2 instance in a single public subnet. The web application has not been able to meet the demand of the increased web traffic.

The company needs a solution that will provide high availability and scalability to meet the increased user demand without rewriting the web application.

Which combination of steps will meet these requirements? (Choose two.)

---

A. Replace the EC2 instance with a larger compute optimized instance.

B. Configure Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling with multiple Availability Zones in private subnets.

C. Configure a NAT gateway in a public subnet to handle web requests.

D. Replace the EC2 instance with a larger memory optimized instance.

E. Configure an Application Load Balancer in a public subnet to distribute web traffic.

# 791
A company has AWS Lambda functions that use environment variables. The company does not want its developers to see environment variables in plaintext.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Deploy code to Amazon EC2 instances instead of using Lambda functions.

B. Configure SSL encryption on the Lambda functions to use AWS CloudHSM to store and encrypt the environment variables.

C. Create a certificate in AWS Certificate Manager (ACM). Configure the Lambda functions to use the certificate to encrypt the environment variables.

D. Create an AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) key. Enable encryption helpers on the Lambda functions to use the KMS key to store and encrypt the environment variables.

# 792
An analytics company uses Amazon VPC to run its multi-tier services. The company wants to use RESTful APIs to offer a web analytics service to millions of users. Users must be verified by using an authentication service to access the APIs.

Which solution will meet these requirements with the MOST operational efficiency?

---

A. Configure an Amazon Cognito user pool for user authentication. Implement Amazon API Gateway REST APIs with a Cognito authorizer.

B. Configure an Amazon Cognito identity pool for user authentication. Implement Amazon API Gateway HTTP APIs with a Cognito authorizer.

C. Configure an AWS Lambda function to handle user authentication. Implement Amazon API Gateway REST APIs with a Lambda authorizer.

D. Configure an IAM user to handle user authentication. Implement Amazon API Gateway HTTP APIs with an IAM authorizer.

# 793
A company has a mobile app for customers. The app’s data is sensitive and must be encrypted at rest. The company uses AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS).

The company needs a solution that prevents the accidental deletion of KMS keys. The solution must use Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) to send an email notification to administrators when a user attempts to delete a KMS key.

Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?

--- 

A. Create an Amazon EventBridge rule that reacts when a user tries to delete a KMS key. Configure an AWS Config rule that cancels any deletion of a KMS key. Add the AWS Config rule as a target of the EventBridge rule. Create an SNS topic that notifies the administrators.

B. Create an AWS Lambda function that has custom logic to prevent KMS key deletion. Create an Amazon CloudWatch alarm that is activated when a user tries to delete a KMS key. Create an Amazon EventBridge rule that invokes the Lambda function when the DeleteKey operation is performed. Create an SNS topic. Configure the EventBridge rule to publish an SNS message that notifies the administrators.

C. Create an Amazon EventBridge rule that reacts when the KMS DeleteKey operation is performed. Configure the rule to initiate an AWS Systems Manager Automation runbook. Configure the runbook to cancel the deletion of the KMS key. Create an SNS topic. Configure the EventBridge rule to publish an SNS message that notifies the administrators.

D. Create an AWS CloudTrail trail. Configure the trail to deliver logs to a new Amazon CloudWatch log group. Create a CloudWatch alarm based on the metric filter for the CloudWatch log group. Configure the alarm to use Amazon SNS to notify the administrators when the KMS DeleteKey operation is performed.

# 794
A company wants to analyze and generate reports to track the usage of its mobile app. The app is popular and has a global user base. The company uses a custom report building program to analyze application usage.

The program generates multiple reports during the last week of each month. The program takes less than 10 minutes to produce each report. The company rarely uses the program to generate reports outside of the last week of each month The company wants to generate reports in the least amount of time when the reports are requested.

Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?

A. Run the program by using Amazon EC2 On-Demand Instances. Create an Amazon EventBridge rule to start the EC2 instances when reports are requested. Run the EC2 instances continuously during the last week of each month.
B. Run the program in AWS Lambda. Create an Amazon EventBridge rule to run a Lambda function when reports are requested.
C. Run the program in Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS). Schedule Amazon ECS to run the program when reports are requested.
D. Run the program by using Amazon EC2 Spot Instances. Create an Amazon EventBndge rule to start the EC2 instances when reports are requested. Run the EC2 instances continuously during the last week of each month.

# 795
A company is designing a tightly coupled high performance computing (HPC) environment in the AWS Cloud. The company needs to include features that will optimize the HPC environment for networking and storage.

Which combination of solutions will meet these requirements? (Choose two.)

A. Create an accelerator in AWS Global Accelerator. Configure custom routing for the accelerator.
B. Create an Amazon FSx for Lustre file system. Configure the file system with scratch storage. 
C. Create an Amazon CloudFront distribution. Configure the viewer protocol policy to be HTTP and HTTPS.
D. Launch Amazon EC2 instances. Attach an Elastic Fabric Adapter (EFA) to the instances.
E. Create an AWS Elastic Beanstalk deployment to manage the environment.

# 796
A company needs a solution to prevent photos with unwanted content from being uploaded to the company's web application. The solution must not involve training a machine learning (ML) model.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Create and deploy a model by using Amazon SageMaker Autopilot. Create a real-time endpoint that the web application invokes when new photos are uploaded.

B. Create an AWS Lambda function that uses Amazon Rekognition to detect unwanted content. Create a Lambda function URL that the web application invokes when new photos are uploaded.

C. Create an Amazon CloudFront function that uses Amazon Comprehend to detect unwanted content. Associate the function with the web application.

D. Create an AWS Lambda function that uses Amazon Rekognition Video to detect unwanted content. Create a Lambda function URL that the web application invokes when new photos are uploaded.

# 797
A company uses AWS to run its ecommerce platform. The platform is critical to the company's operations and has a high volume of traffic and transactions. The company configures a multi-factor authentication (MFA) device to secure its AWS account root user credentials. The company wants to ensure that it will not lose access to the root user account if the MFA device is lost.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Set up a backup administrator account that the company can use to log in if the company loses the MFA device.
B. Add multiple MFA devices for the root user account to handle the disaster scenario.
C. Create a new administrator account when the company cannot access the root account.
D. Attach the administrator policy to another IAM user when the company cannot access the root account.

# 798
A social media company is creating a rewards program website for its users. The company gives users points when users create and upload videos to the website. Users redeem their points for gifts or discounts from the company's affiliated partners. A unique ID identifies users. The partners refer to this ID to verify user eligibility for rewards.

The partners want to receive notification of user IDs through an HTTP endpoint when the company gives users points. Hundreds of vendors are interested in becoming affiliated partners every day. The company wants to design an architecture that gives the website the ability to add partners rapidly in a scalable way.

Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST implementation effort?

A. Create an Amazon Timestream database to keep a list of affiliated partners. Implement an AWS Lambda function to read the list. Configure the Lambda function to send user IDs to each partner when the company gives users points.
B. Create an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic. Choose an endpoint protocol. Subscribe the partners to the topic. Publish user IDs to the topic when the company gives users points.
C. Create an AWS Step Functions state machine. Create a task for every affiliated partner. Invoke the state machine with user IDs as input when the company gives users points.
D. Create a data stream in Amazon Kinesis Data Streams. Implement producer and consumer applications. Store a list of affiliated partners in the data stream. Send user IDs when the company gives users points.

# 799
A company needs to extract the names of ingredients from recipe records that are stored as text files in an Amazon S3 bucket. A web application will use the ingredient names to query an Amazon DynamoDB table and determine a nutrition score.

The application can handle non-food records and errors. The company does not have any employees who have machine learning knowledge to develop this solution.

Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?

---

A. Use S3 Event Notifications to invoke an AWS Lambda function when PutObject requests occur. Program the Lambda function to analyze the object and extract the ingredient names by using Amazon Comprehend. Store the Amazon Comprehend output in the DynamoDB table.

B. Use an Amazon EventBridge rule to invoke an AWS Lambda function when PutObject requests occur. Program the Lambda function to analyze the object by using Amazon Forecast to extract the ingredient names. Store the Forecast output in the DynamoDB table.

C. Use S3 Event Notifications to invoke an AWS Lambda function when PutObject requests occur. Use Amazon Polly to create audio recordings of the recipe records. Save the audio files in the S3 bucket. Use Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) to send a URL as a message to employees. Instruct the employees to listen to the audio files and calculate the nutrition score. Store the ingredient names in the DynamoDB table.

D. Use an Amazon EventBridge rule to invoke an AWS Lambda function when a PutObject request occurs. Program the Lambda function to analyze the object and extract the ingredient names by using Amazon SageMaker. Store the inference output from the SageMaker endpoint in the DynamoDB table.

# 800
A company needs to create an AWS Lambda function that will run in a VPC in the company's primary AWS account. The Lambda function needs to access files that the company stores in an Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) file system. The EFS file system is located in a secondary AWS account. As the company adds files to the file system, the solution must scale to meet the demand.

Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?

---

A. Create a new EFS file system in the primary account. Use AWS DataSync to copy the contents of the original EFS file system to the new EFS file system.

B. Create a VPC peering connection between the VPCs that are in the primary account and the secondary account.

C. Create a second Lambda function in the secondary account that has a mount that is configured for the file system. Use the primary account's Lambda function to invoke the secondary account's Lambda function.

D. Move the contents of the file system to a Lambda layer. Configure the Lambda layer's permissions to allow the company's secondary account to use the Lambda layer.