# 801
A financial company needs to handle highly sensitive data. The company will store the data in an Amazon S3 bucket. The company needs to ensure that the data is encrypted in transit and at rest. The company must manage the encryption keys outside the AWS Cloud.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Encrypt the data in the S3 bucket with server-side encryption (SSE) that uses an AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) customer managed key.

B. Encrypt the data in the S3 bucket with server-side encryption (SSE) that uses an AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) AWS managed key.

C. Encrypt the data in the S3 bucket with the default server-side encryption (SSE).

D. Encrypt the data at the company's data center before storing the data in the S3 bucket.


# 802
A company wants to run its payment application on AWS. The application receives payment notifications from mobile devices. Payment notifications require a basic validation before they are sent for further processing.

The backend processing application is long running and requires compute and memory to be adjusted. The company does not want to manage the infrastructure.

Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?

A. Create an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue. Integrate the queue with an Amazon EventBridge rule to receive payment notifications from mobile devices. Configure the rule to validate payment notifications and send the notifications to the backend application. Deploy the backend application on Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS) Anywhere. Create a standalone cluster.

B. Create an Amazon API Gateway API. Integrate the API with an AWS Step Functions state machine to receive payment notifications from mobile devices. Invoke the state machine to validate payment notifications and send the notifications to the backend application. Deploy the backend application on Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS). Configure an EKS cluster with self-managed nodes.

C. Create an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue. Integrate the queue with an Amazon EventBridge rule to receive payment notifications from mobile devices. Configure the rule to validate payment notifications and send the notifications to the backend application. Deploy the backend application on Amazon EC2 Spot Instances. Configure a Spot Fleet with a default allocation strategy.

D. Create an Amazon API Gateway API. Integrate the API with AWS Lambda to receive payment notifications from mobile devices. Invoke a Lambda function to validate payment notifications and send the notifications to the backend application. Deploy the backend application on Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS). Configure Amazon ECS with an AWS Fargate launch type.

# 803
A solutions architect is designing a user authentication solution for a company. The solution must invoke two-factor authentication for users that log in from inconsistent geographical locations, IP addresses, or devices. The solution must also be able to scale up to accommodate millions of users.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

---

솔루션 아키텍트가 회사를 위한 사용자 인증 솔루션을 설계하고 있습니다. 이 솔루션은 일관되지 않은 지리적 위치, IP 주소 또는 기기에서 로그인하는 사용자에 대해 2단계 인증을 호출해야 합니다. 이 솔루션은 또한 수백만 명의 사용자를 수용할 수 있도록 확장할 수 있어야 합니다.

어떤 솔루션이 이러한 요구 사항을 충족할까요?

---

A. Configure Amazon Cognito user pools for user authentication. Enable the risk-based adaptive authentication feature with multifactor authentication (MFA).

B. Configure Amazon Cognito identity pools for user authentication. Enable multi-factor authentication (MFA).

C. Configure AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) users for user authentication. Attach an IAM policy that allows the AllowManageOwnUserMFA action.

D. Configure AWS IAM Identity Center (AWS Single Sign-On) authentication for user authentication. Configure the permission sets to require multi-factor authentication (MFA).


# 804

A company has an Amazon S3 data lake. The company needs a solution that transforms the data from the data lake and loads the data into a data warehouse every day. The data warehouse must have massively parallel processing (MPP) capabilities.

Data analysts then need to create and train machine learning (ML) models by using SQL commands on the data. The solution must use serverless AWS services wherever possible.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

---

한 회사에 Amazon S3 데이터 레이크가 있습니다. 이 회사에는 데이터 레이크의 데이터를 변환하여 매일 데이터 웨어하우스에 로드하는 솔루션이 필요합니다. 데이터 웨어하우스에는 대량 병렬 처리(MPP) 기능이 있어야 합니다.

그런 다음 데이터 분석가는 데이터에 SQL 명령을 사용하여 머신 러닝(ML) 모델을 만들고 학습해야 합니다. 솔루션은 가능한 한 서버리스 AWS 서비스를 사용해야 합니다.

어떤 솔루션이 이러한 요구 사항을 충족할까요?

---

A. Run a daily Amazon EMR job to transform the data and load the data into Amazon Redshift. Use Amazon Redshift ML to create and train the ML models.

B. Run a daily Amazon EMR job to transform the data and load the data into Amazon Aurora Serverless. Use Amazon Aurora ML to create and train the ML models.

C. Run a daily AWS Glue job to transform the data and load the data into Amazon Redshift Serverless. Use Amazon Redshift ML to create and train the ML models.

D. Run a daily AWS Glue job to transform the data and load the data into Amazon Athena tables. Use Amazon Athena ML to create and train the ML models.


# 805
A company runs containers in a Kubernetes environment in the company's local data center. The company wants to use Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS) and other AWS managed services. Data must remain locally in the company's data center and cannot be stored in any remote site or cloud to maintain compliance.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

---

한 회사가 회사 로컬 데이터 센터의 Kubernetes 환경에서 컨테이너를 실행합니다. 이 회사는 Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service(Amazon EKS) 및 기타 AWS 관리형 서비스를 사용하려고 합니다. 데이터는 회사 데이터 센터에 로컬로 유지되어야 하며 규정 준수를 위해 원격 사이트나 클라우드에 저장할 수 없습니다.

어떤 솔루션이 이러한 요구 사항을 충족할까요?

---

A. Deploy AWS Local Zones in the company's data center.
B. Use an AWS Snowmobile in the company's data center.
C. Install an AWS Outposts rack in the company's data center.
D. Install an AWS Snowball Edge Storage Optimized node in the data center.


# 806
A social media company has workloads that collect and process data. The workloads store the data in on-premises NFS storage. The data store cannot scale fast enough to meet the company’s expanding business needs. The company wants to migrate the current data store to AWS.

Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?

A. Set up an AWS Storage Gateway Volume Gateway. Use an Amazon S3 Lifecycle policy to transition the data to the appropriate storage class.

B. Set up an AWS Storage Gateway Amazon S3 File Gateway. Use an Amazon S3 Lifecycle policy to transition the data to the appropriate storage class.

C. Use the Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) Standard-Infrequent Access (Standard-IA) storage class. Activate the infrequent access lifecycle policy.

D. Use the Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) One Zone-Infrequent Access (One Zone-IA) storage class. Activate the infrequent access lifecycle policy.


# 807
A company uses high concurrency AWS Lambda functions to process a constantly increasing number of messages in a message queue during marketing events. The Lambda functions use CPU intensive code to process the messages. The company wants to reduce the compute costs and to maintain service latency for its customers.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Configure reserved concurrency for the Lambda functions. Decrease the memory allocated to the Lambda functions.

B. Configure reserved concurrency for the Lambda functions. Increase the memory according to AWS Compute Optimizer recommendations.

C. Configure provisioned concurrency for the Lambda functions. Decrease the memory allocated to the Lambda functions.

D. Configure provisioned concurrency for the Lambda functions. Increase the memory according to AWS Compute Optimizer recommendations.


# 808
A company runs its workloads on Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS). The container images that the ECS task definition uses need to be scanned for Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures (CVEs). New container images that are created also need to be scanned.

Which solution will meet these requirements with the FEWEST changes to the workloads?

A. Use Amazon Elastic Container Registry (Amazon ECR) as a private image repository to store the container images. Specify scan on push filters for the ECR basic scan.

B. Store the container images in an Amazon S3 bucket. Use Amazon Macie to scan the images. Use an S3 Event Notification to initiate a Macie scan for every event with an s3:ObjectCreated:Put event type.

C. Deploy the workloads to Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS). Use Amazon Elastic Container Registry (Amazon ECR) as a private image repository. Specify scan on push filters for the ECR enhanced scan.

D. Store the container images in an Amazon S3 bucket that has versioning enabled. Configure an S3 Event Notification for s3:ObjectCreated:* events to invoke an AWS Lambda function. Configure the Lambda function to initiate an Amazon Inspector scan.

# 809
A company uses an AWS Batch job to run its end-of-day sales process. The company needs a serverless solution that will invoke a third-party reporting application when the AWS Batch job is successful. The reporting application has an HTTP API interface that uses username and password authentication.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Configure an Amazon EventBridge rule to match incoming AWS Batch job SUCCEEDED events. Configure the third-party API as an EventBridge API destination with a username and password. Set the API destination as the EventBridge rule target.

B. Configure Amazon EventBridge Scheduler to match incoming AWS Batch job SUCCEEDED events. Configure an AWS Lambda function to invoke the third-party API by using a username and password. Set the Lambda function as the EventBridge rule target.

C. Configure an AWS Batch job to publish job SUCCEEDED events to an Amazon API Gateway REST API. Configure an HTTP proxy integration on the API Gateway REST API to invoke the third-party API by using a username and password.

D. Configure an AWS Batch job to publish job SUCCEEDED events to an Amazon API Gateway REST API. Configure a proxy integration on the API Gateway REST API to an AWS Lambda function. Configure the Lambda function to invoke the third-party API by using a username and password.

# 810
A company collects and processes data from a vendor. The vendor stores its data in an Amazon RDS for MySQL database in the vendor's own AWS account. The company’s VPC does not have an internet gateway, an AWS Direct Connect connection, or an AWS Site-to-Site VPN connection. The company needs to access the data that is in the vendor database.

Which solution will meet this requirement?

A. Instruct the vendor to sign up for the AWS Hosted Connection Direct Connect Program. Use VPC peering to connect the company's VPC and the vendor's VPC.

B. Configure a client VPN connection between the company's VPC and the vendor's VPC. Use VPC peering to connect the company's VPC and the vendor's VPC.

C. Instruct the vendor to create a Network Load Balancer (NLB). Place the NLB in front of the Amazon RDS for MySQL database. Use AWS PrivateLink to integrate the company's VPC and the vendor's VPC.

D. Use AWS Transit Gateway to integrate the company's VPC and the vendor's VPC. Use VPC peering to connect the company’s VPC and the vendor's VPC.


# 811
A company wants to set up Amazon Managed Grafana as its visualization tool. The company wants to visualize data from its Amazon RDS database as one data source. The company needs a secure solution that will not expose the data over the internet.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

---

A. Create an Amazon Managed Grafana workspace without a VPC. Create a public endpoint for the RDS database. Configure the public endpoint as a data source in Amazon Managed Grafana.

B. Create an Amazon Managed Grafana workspace in a VPC. Create a private endpoint for the RDS database. Configure the private endpoint as a data source in Amazon Managed Grafana.

C. Create an Amazon Managed Grafana workspace without a VPC. Create an AWS PrivateLink endpoint to establish a connection between Amazon Managed Grafana and Amazon RDS. Set up Amazon RDS as a data source in Amazon Managed Grafana.

D. Create an Amazon Managed Grafana workspace in a VPC. Create a public endpoint for the RDS database. Configure the public endpoint as a data source in Amazon Managed Grafana.

# 812
A company hosts a data lake on Amazon S3. The data lake ingests data in Apache Parquet format from various data sources. The company uses multiple transformation steps to prepare the ingested data. The steps include filtering of anomalies, normalizing of data to standard date and time values, and generation of aggregates for analyses.

The company must store the transformed data in S3 buckets that data analysts access. The company needs a prebuilt solution for data transformation that does not require code. The solution must provide data lineage and data profiling. The company needs to share the data transformation steps with employees throughout the company.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

---

A. Configure an AWS Glue Studio visual canvas to transform the data. Share the transformation steps with employees by using AWS Glue jobs.

B. Configure Amazon EMR Serverless to transform the data. Share the transformation steps with employees by using EMR Serverless jobs.

C. Configure AWS Glue DataBrew to transform the data. Share the transformation steps with employees by using DataBrew recipes.

D. Create Amazon Athena tables for the data. Write Athena SQL queries to transform the data. Share the Athena SQL queries with employees.

# 813
A solutions architect runs a web application on multiple Amazon EC2 instances that are in individual target groups behind an Application Load Balancer (ALB). Users can reach the application through a public website.

The solutions architect wants to allow engineers to use a development version of the website to access one specific development EC2 instance to test new features for the application. The solutions architect wants to use an Amazon Route 53 hosted zone to give the engineers access to the development instance. The solution must automatically route to the development instance even if the development instance is replaced.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

---

솔루션 아키텍트는 애플리케이션 로드 밸런서(ALB) 뒤에 있는 개별 대상 그룹에 있는 여러 Amazon EC2 인스턴스에서 웹 애플리케이션을 실행합니다. 사용자는 공개 웹사이트를 통해 애플리케이션에 접근할 수 있습니다.

솔루션 아키텍트는 엔지니어가 웹사이트의 개발 버전을 사용하여 특정 개발 EC2 인스턴스 하나에 액세스하여 애플리케이션의 새로운 기능을 테스트할 수 있도록 허용하려고 합니다. 솔루션 아키텍트는 Amazon Route 53 호스팅 영역을 사용하여 엔지니어에게 개발 인스턴스에 대한 액세스 권한을 제공하려고 합니다. 솔루션은 개발 인스턴스가 교체되더라도 자동으로 개발 인스턴스로 라우팅해야 합니다.

어떤 솔루션이 이러한 요구 사항을 충족할까요?

---

A. Create an A Record for the development website that has the value set to the ALB. Create a listener rule on the ALB that forwards requests for the development website to the target group that contains the development instance.

B. Recreate the development instance with a public IP address. Create an A Record for the development website that has the value set to the public IP address of the development instance.

C. Create an A Record for the development website that has the value set to the ALB. Create a listener rule on the ALB to redirect requests for the development website to the public IP address of the development instance.

D. Place all the instances in the same target group. Create an A Record for the development website. Set the value to the ALB. Create a listener rule on the ALB that forwards requests for the development website to the target group.

# 814
A company runs a container application on a Kubernetes cluster in the company's data center. The application uses Advanced Message Queuing Protocol (AMQP) to communicate with a message queue. The data center cannot scale fast enough to meet the company’s expanding business needs. The company wants to migrate the workloads to AWS.

Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?

---

A. Migrate the container application to Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS). Use Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) to retrieve the messages.

B. Migrate the container application to Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS). Use Amazon MQ to retrieve the messages.

C. Use highly available Amazon EC2 instances to run the application. Use Amazon MQ to retrieve the messages.

D. Use AWS Lambda functions to run the application. Use Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) to retrieve the messages.

# 815
An online gaming company hosts its platform on Amazon EC2 instances behind Network Load Balancers (NLBs) across multiple AWS Regions. The NLBs can route requests to targets over the internet. The company wants to improve the customer playing experience by reducing end-to-end load time for its global customer base.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

---

A. Create Application Load Balancers (ALBs) in each Region to replace the existing NLBs. Register the existing EC2 instances as targets for the ALBs in each Region.

B. Configure Amazon Route 53 to route equally weighted traffic to the NLBs in each Region.

C. Create additional NLBs and EC2 instances in other Regions where the company has large customer bases.

D. Create a standard accelerator in AWS Global Accelerator. Configure the existing NLBs as target endpoints.

# 816
A company has an on-premises application that uses SFTP to collect financial data from multiple vendors. The company is migrating to the AWS Cloud. The company has created an application that uses Amazon S3 APIs to upload files from vendors.

Some vendors run their systems on legacy applications that do not support S3 APIs. The vendors want to continue to use SFTP-based applications to upload data. The company wants to use managed services for the needs of the vendors that use legacy applications.

Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?

---

A. Create an AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) instance to replicate data from the storage of the vendors that use legacy applications to Amazon S3. Provide the vendors with the credentials to access the AWS DMS instance.

B. Create an AWS Transfer Family endpoint for vendors that use legacy applications.

C. Configure an Amazon EC2 instance to run an SFTP server. Instruct the vendors that use legacy applications to use the SFTP server to upload data.

D. Configure an Amazon S3 File Gateway for vendors that use legacy applications to upload files to an SMB file share.

# 817
A marketing team wants to build a campaign for an upcoming multi-sport event. The team has news reports from the past five years in PDF format. The team needs a solution to extract insights about the content and the sentiment of the news reports. The solution must use Amazon Textract to process the news reports.

Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?

A. Provide the extracted insights to Amazon Athena for analysis. Store the extracted insights and analysis in an Amazon S3 bucket.

B. Store the extracted insights in an Amazon DynamoDB table. Use Amazon SageMaker to build a sentiment model.

C. Provide the extracted insights to Amazon Comprehend for analysis. Save the analysis to an Amazon S3 bucket.

D. Store the extracted insights in an Amazon S3 bucket. Use Amazon QuickSight to visualize and analyze the data.

# 818
A company's application runs on Amazon EC2 instances that are in multiple Availability Zones. The application needs to ingest real-time data from third-party applications.

The company needs a data ingestion solution that places the ingested raw data in an Amazon S3 bucket.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

---

A. Create Amazon Kinesis data streams for data ingestion. Create Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose delivery streams to consume the Kinesis data streams. Specify the S3 bucket as the destination of the delivery streams.

B. Create database migration tasks in AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS). Specify replication instances of the EC2 instances as the source endpoints. Specify the S3 bucket as the target endpoint. Set the migration type to migrate existing data and replicate ongoing changes.

C. Create and configure AWS DataSync agents on the EC2 instances. Configure DataSync tasks to transfer data from the EC2 instances to the S3 bucket.

D. Create an AWS Direct Connect connection to the application for data ingestion. Create Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose delivery streams to consume direct PUT operations from the application. Specify the S3 bucket as the destination of the delivery streams.

# 819
A company’s application is receiving data from multiple data sources. The size of the data varies and is expected to increase over time. The current maximum size is 700 KB. The data volume and data size continue to grow as more data sources are added.

The company decides to use Amazon DynamoDB as the primary database for the application. A solutions architect needs to identify a solution that handles the large data sizes.

Which solution will meet these requirements in the MOST operationally efficient way?

---

A. Create an AWS Lambda function to filter the data that exceeds DynamoDB item size limits. Store the larger data in an Amazon DocumentDB (with MongoDB compatibility) database.

B. Store the large data as objects in an Amazon S3 bucket. In a DynamoDB table, create an item that has an attribute that points to the S3 URL of the data.

C. Split all incoming large data into a collection of items that have the same partition key. Write the data to a DynamoDB table in a single operation by using the BatchWriteItem API operation.

D. Create an AWS Lambda function that uses gzip compression to compress the large objects as they are written to a DynamoDB table.


# 820
A company is migrating a legacy application from an on-premises data center to AWS. The application relies on hundreds of cron jobs that run between 1 and 20 minutes on different recurring schedules throughout the day.

The company wants a solution to schedule and run the cron jobs on AWS with minimal refactoring. The solution must support running the cron jobs in response to an event in the future.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

---

한 회사가 온프레미스 데이터 센터에서 AWS로 레거시 애플리케이션을 마이그레이션하고 있습니다. 이 애플리케이션은 하루 종일 다양한 반복 일정으로 1~20분 사이에 실행되는 수백 개의 크론 작업에 의존합니다.

이 회사는 최소한의 리팩토링으로 AWS에서 크론 작업을 예약하고 실행할 수 있는 솔루션을 원합니다. 이 솔루션은 향후 이벤트에 대한 응답으로 크론 작업을 실행할 수 있어야 합니다.

어떤 솔루션이 이러한 요구 사항을 충족할까요?

---

A. Create a container image for the cron jobs. Use Amazon EventBridge Scheduler to create a recurring schedule. Run the cron job tasks as AWS Lambda functions.

B. Create a container image for the cron jobs. Use AWS Batch on Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) with a scheduling policy to run the cron jobs.

C. Create a container image for the cron jobs. Use Amazon EventBridge Scheduler to create a recurring schedule. Run the cron job tasks on AWS Fargate.

D. Create a container image for the cron jobs. Create a workflow in AWS Step Functions that uses a Wait state to run the cron jobs at a specified time. Use the RunTask action to run the cron job tasks on AWS Fargate.

# 821
A company uses Salesforce. The company needs to load existing data and ongoing data changes from Salesforce to Amazon Redshift for analysis. The company does not want the data to travel over the public internet.

Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST development effort?

---

A. Establish a VPN connection from the VPC to Salesforce. Use AWS Glue DataBrew to transfer data.

B. Establish an AWS Direct Connect connection from the VPC to Salesforce. Use AWS Glue DataBrew to transfer data.

C. Create an AWS PrivateLink connection in the VPC to Salesforce. Use Amazon AppFlow to transfer data.

D. Create a VPC peering connection to Salesforce. Use Amazon AppFlow to transfer data.

# 822
A company recently migrated its application to AWS. The application runs on Amazon EC2 Linux instances in an Auto Scaling group across multiple Availability Zones. The application stores data in an Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) file system that uses EFS Standard-Infrequent Access storage. The application indexes the company's files. The index is stored in an Amazon RDS database.

The company needs to optimize storage costs with some application and services changes.

Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?

A. Create an Amazon S3 bucket that uses an Intelligent-Tiering lifecycle policy. Copy all files to the S3 bucket. Update the application to use Amazon S3 API to store and retrieve files.

B. Deploy Amazon FSx for Windows File Server file shares. Update the application to use CIFS protocol to store and retrieve files.

C. Deploy Amazon FSx for OpenZFS file system shares. Update the application to use the new mount point to store and retrieve files.

D. Create an Amazon S3 bucket that uses S3 Glacier Flexible Retrieval. Copy all files to the S3 bucket. Update the application to use Amazon S3 API to store and retrieve files as standard retrievals.


# 823
A robotics company is designing a solution for medical surgery. The robots will use advanced sensors, cameras, and AI algorithms to perceive their environment and to complete surgeries.

The company needs a public load balancer in the AWS Cloud that will ensure seamless(원활한) communication with backend services. The load balancer must be capable of routing traffic based on the query strings to different target groups. The traffic must also be encrypted.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

---

A. Use a Network Load Balancer with a certificate attached from AWS Certificate Manager (ACM). Use query parameter-based routing.

B. Use a Gateway Load Balancer. Import a generated certificate in AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM). Attach the certificate to the load balancer. Use HTTP path-based routing.

C. Use an Application Load Balancer with a certificate attached from AWS Certificate Manager (ACM). Use query parameter-based routing.

D. Use a Network Load Balancer. Import a generated certificate in AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM). Attach the certificate to the load balancer. Use query parameter-based routing.


# 824
A company has an application that runs on a single Amazon EC2 instance. The application uses a MySQL database that runs on the same EC2 instance. The company needs a highly available and automatically scalable solution to handle increased traffic.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

---

A. Deploy the application to EC2 instances that run in an Auto Scaling group behind an Application Load Balancer. Create an Amazon Redshift cluster that has multiple MySQL-compatible nodes.

B. Deploy the application to EC2 instances that are configured as a target group behind an Application Load Balancer. Create an Amazon RDS for MySQL cluster that has multiple instances.

C. Deploy the application to EC2 instances that run in an Auto Scaling group behind an Application Load Balancer. Create an Amazon Aurora Serverless MySQL cluster for the database layer.

D. Deploy the application to EC2 instances that are configured as a target group behind an Application Load Balancer. Create an Amazon ElastiCache for Redis cluster that uses the MySQL connector.

# 825
A company is planning to migrate data to an Amazon S3 bucket. The data must be encrypted at rest within the S3 bucket. The encryption key must be rotated automatically every year.

Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?

---

A. Migrate the data to the S3 bucket. Use server-side encryption with Amazon S3 managed keys (SSE-S3). Use the built-in key rotation behavior of SSE-S3 encryption keys.

B. Create an AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) customer managed key. Enable automatic key rotation. Set the S3 bucket's default encryption behavior to use the customer managed KMS key. Migrate the data to the S3 bucket.

C. Create an AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) customer managed key. Set the S3 bucket's default encryption behavior to use the customer managed KMS key. Migrate the data to the S3 bucket. Manually rotate the KMS key every year.

D. Use customer key material to encrypt the data. Migrate the data to the S3 bucket. Create an AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) key without key material. Import the customer key material into the KMS key. Enable automatic key rotation.

# 826
A company is migrating applications from an on-premises Microsoft Active Directory that the company manages to AWS. The company deploys the applications in multiple AWS accounts. The company uses AWS Organizations to manage the accounts centrally.

The company's security team needs a single sign-on solution across all the company's AWS accounts. The company must continue to manage users and groups that are in the on-premises Active Directory.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Create an Enterprise Edition Active Directory in AWS Directory Service for Microsoft Active Directory. Configure the Active Directory to be the identity source for AWS IAM Identity Center.

B. Enable AWS IAM Identity Center. Configure a two-way forest trust relationship to connect the company's self-managed Active Directory with IAM Identity Center by using AWS Directory Service for Microsoft Active Directory.

C. Use AWS Directory Service and create a two-way trust relationship with the company's self-managed Active Directory.

D. Deploy an identity provider (IdP) on Amazon EC2. Link the IdP as an identity source within AWS IAM Identity Center.

# 827 (뻔한 문제)
A company is planning to deploy its application on an Amazon Aurora PostgreSQL Serverless v2 cluster. The application will receive large amounts of traffic. The company wants to optimize the storage performance of the cluster as the load on the application increases.

Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?

A. Configure the cluster to use the Aurora Standard storage configuration.
B. Configure the cluster storage type as Provisioned IOPS.
C. Configure the cluster storage type as General Purpose.
D. Configure the cluster to use the Aurora I/O-Optimized storage configuration.

# 828
A financial services company that runs on AWS has designed its security controls to meet industry standards. The industry standards include the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) and the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS).

The company's third-party auditors need proof that the designed controls have been implemented and are functioning correctly. The company has hundreds of AWS accounts in a single organization in AWS Organizations. The company needs to monitor the current state of the controls across accounts.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

---

A. Designate one account as the Amazon Inspector delegated administrator account from the Organizations management account. Integrate Inspector with Organizations to discover and scan resources across all AWS accounts. Enable Inspector industry standards for NIST and PCI DSS.

B. Designate one account as the Amazon GuardDuty delegated administrator account from the Organizations management account. In the designated GuardDuty administrator account, enable GuardDuty to protect all member accounts. Enable GuardDuty industry standards for NIST and PCI DSS.

C. Configure an AWS CloudTrail organization trail in the Organizations management account. Designate one account as the compliance account. Enable CloudTrail security standards for NIST and PCI DSS in the compliance account.

D. Designate one account as the AWS Security Hub delegated administrator account from the Organizations management account. In the designated Security Hub administrator account, enable Security Hub for all member accounts. Enable Security Hub standards for NIST and PCI DSS.

# 829
A company uses an Amazon S3 bucket as its data lake storage platform. The S3 bucket contains a massive amount of data that is accessed randomly by multiple teams and hundreds of applications. The company wants to reduce the S3 storage costs and provide immediate availability for frequently accessed objects.

What is the MOST operationally efficient solution that meets these requirements?

---

A. Create an S3 Lifecycle rule to transition objects to the S3 Intelligent-Tiering storage class.

B. Store objects in Amazon S3 Glacier. Use S3 Select to provide applications with access to the data.

C. Use data from S3 storage class analysis to create S3 Lifecycle rules to automatically transition objects to the S3 Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA) storage class.

D. Transition objects to the S3 Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA) storage class. Create an AWS Lambda function to transition objects to the S3 Standard storage class when they are accessed by an application.

# 830: 그래프 DB 사용 묻는 문제
A company has 5 TB of datasets. The datasets consist of 1 million user profiles and 10 million connections. The user profiles have connections as many-to-many relationships. The company needs a performance efficient way to find mutual connections up to five levels.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Use an Amazon S3 bucket to store the datasets. Use Amazon Athena to perform SQL JOIN queries to find connections.
B. Use Amazon Neptune to store the datasets with edges and vertices. Query the data to find connections.
C. Use an Amazon S3 bucket to store the datasets. Use Amazon QuickSight to visualize connections.
D. Use Amazon RDS to store the datasets with multiple tables. Perform SQL JOIN queries to find connections.

# 831
A company needs a secure connection between its on-premises environment and AWS. This connection does not need high bandwidth and will handle a small amount of traffic. The connection should be set up quickly.

What is the MOST cost-effective method to establish this type of connection?

A. Implement a client VPN.
B. Implement AWS Direct Connect.
C. Implement a bastion host on Amazon EC2.
D. Implement an AWS Site-to-Site VPN connection.

# 832
A company has an on-premises SFTP file transfer solution. The company is migrating to the AWS Cloud to scale the file transfer solution and to optimize costs by using Amazon S3. The company's employees will use their credentials for the on-premises Microsoft Active Directory (AD) to access the new solution. The company wants to keep the current authentication and file access mechanisms.

Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?

A. Configure an S3 File Gateway. Create SMB file shares on the file gateway that use the existing Active Directory to authenticate.
B. Configure an Auto Scaling group with Amazon EC2 instances to run an SFTP solution. Configure the group to scale up at 60% CPU utilization.
C. Create an AWS Transfer Family server with SFTP endpoints. Choose the AWS Directory Service option as the identity provider. Use AD Connector to connect the on-premises Active Directory.
D. Create an AWS Transfer Family SFTP endpoint. Configure the endpoint to use the AWS Directory Service option as the identity provider to connect to the existing Active Directory.

# 833: 이벤트 룰을 더 자세히 알아봐야 할 문제
A company is designing an event-driven order processing system. Each order requires multiple validation steps after the order is created. An idempotent AWS Lambda function performs each validation step. Each validation step is independent from the other validation steps. Individual validation steps need only a subset of the order event information.

The company wants to ensure that each validation step Lambda function has access to only the information from the order event that the function requires. The components of the order processing system should be loosely coupled to accommodate future business changes.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

---

한 회사가 이벤트 기반 주문 처리 시스템을 설계하고 있습니다. 각 주문은 주문이 생성된 후 여러 검증 단계가 필요합니다. 멱등 AWS Lambda 함수가 각 검증 단계를 수행합니다. 각 검증 단계는 다른 검증 단계와 독립적입니다. 개별 검증 단계에는 주문 이벤트 정보의 하위 집합만 필요합니다.

이 회사는 각 검증 단계 Lambda 함수가 함수에 필요한 주문 이벤트의 정보에만 액세스할 수 있도록 하려고 합니다. 주문 처리 시스템의 구성 요소는 향후 비즈니스 변경 사항을 수용하기 위해 느슨하게 결합되어야 합니다.

어떤 솔루션이 이러한 요구 사항을 충족할까요?

---

A. Create an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue for each validation step. Create a new Lambda function to transform the order data to the format that each validation step requires and to publish the messages to the appropriate SQS queues. Subscribe each validation step Lambda function to its corresponding SQS queue.

B. Create an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic. Subscribe the validation step Lambda functions to the SNS topic. Use message body filtering to send only the required data to each subscribed Lambda function.

C. Create an Amazon EventBridge event bus. Create an event rule for each validation step. Configure the input transformer to send only the required data to each target validation step Lambda function.

D. Create an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue. Create a new Lambda function to subscribe to the SQS queue and to transform the order data to the format that each validation step requires. Use the new Lambda function to perform synchronous invocations of the validation step Lambda functions in parallel on separate threads.

# 834
A company is migrating a three-tier application to AWS. The application requires a MySQL database. In the past, the application users reported poor application performance when creating new entries. These performance issues were caused by users generating different real-time reports from the application during working hours.

Which solution will improve the performance of the application when it is moved to AWS?

A. Import the data into an Amazon DynamoDB table with provisioned capacity. Refactor the application to use DynamoDB for reports.
B. Create the database on a compute optimized Amazon EC2 instance. Ensure compute resources exceed the on-premises database.
C. Create an Amazon Aurora MySQL Multi-AZ DB cluster with multiple read replicas. Configure the application to use the reader endpoint for reports.
D. Create an Amazon Aurora MySQL Multi-AZ DB cluster. Configure the application to use the backup instance of the cluster as an endpoint for the reports.

# 835: 온프레미스에서 Direct Connect를 사용하여 S3버킷을 사용하는 문제
A company is expanding a secure on-premises network to the AWS Cloud by using an AWS Direct Connect connection. The on-premises network has no direct internet access. An application that runs on the on-premises network needs to use an Amazon S3 bucket.

Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?

A. Create a public virtual interface (VIF). Route the AWS traffic over the public VIF.
B. Create a VPC and a NAT gateway. Route the AWS traffic from the on-premises network to the NAT gateway.
C. Create a VPC and an Amazon S3 interface endpoint. Route the AWS traffic from the on-premises network to the S3 interface endpoint.
D. Create a VPC peering connection between the on-premises network and Direct Connect. Route the AWS traffic over the peering connection.

# 836: multivalue answer routing의 헬쓰체크에 대한 문제
A company serves its website by using an Auto Scaling group of Amazon EC2 instances in a single AWS Region. The website does not require a database.

The company is expanding, and the company's engineering team deploys the website to a second Region. The company wants to distribute traffic across both Regions to accommodate growth and for disaster recovery purposes. The solution should not serve traffic from a Region in which the website is unhealthy.

Which policy or resource should the company use to meet these requirements?

A. An Amazon Route 53 simple routing policy
B. An Amazon Route 53 multivalue answer routing policy
C. An Application Load Balancer in one Region with a target group that specifies the EC2 instance IDs from both Regions
D. An Application Load Balancer in one Region with a target group that specifies the IP addresses of the EC2 instances from both Regions

# 837: S3냐 EFS냐 그것이 문제로다
A company runs its applications on Amazon EC2 instances that are backed by Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS). The EC2 instances run the most recent Amazon Linux release. The applications are experiencing availability issues when the company's employees store and retrieve files that are 25 GB or larger. The company needs a solution that does not require the company to transfer files between EC2 instances. The files must be available across many EC2 instances and across multiple Availability Zones.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Migrate all the files to an Amazon S3 bucket. Instruct the employees to access the files from the S3 bucket.
B. Take a snapshot of the existing EBS volume. Mount the snapshot as an EBS volume across the EC2 instances. Instruct the employees to access the files from the EC2 instances.
C. Mount an Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) file system across all the EC2 instances. Instruct the employees to access the files from the EC2 instances.
D. Create an Amazon Machine Image (AMI) from the EC2 instances. Configure new EC2 instances from the AMI that use an instance store volume. Instruct the employees to access the files from the EC2 instances.

# 838
A company is running a highly sensitive application on Amazon EC2 backed by an Amazon RDS database. Compliance regulations mandate that all personally identifiable information (PII) be encrypted at rest.

Which solution should a solutions architect recommend to meet this requirement with the LEAST amount of changes to the infrastructure?

A. Deploy AWS Certificate Manager to generate certificates. Use the certificates to encrypt the database volume.
B. Deploy AWS CloudHSM, generate encryption keys, and use the keys to encrypt database volumes.
C. Configure SSL encryption using AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) keys to encrypt database volumes.
D. Configure Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) encryption and Amazon RDS encryption with AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) keys to encrypt instance and database volumes.

# 839
A company runs an AWS Lambda function in private subnets in a VPC. The subnets have a default route to the internet through an Amazon EC2 NAT instance. The Lambda function processes input data and saves its output as an object to Amazon S3.

Intermittently, the Lambda function times out while trying to upload the object because of saturated(가득한) traffic on the NAT instance's network. The company wants to access Amazon S3 without traversing(횡단) the internet.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Replace the EC2 NAT instance with an AWS managed NAT gateway.
B. Increase the size of the EC2 NAT instance in the VPC to a network optimized instance type.
C. Provision a gateway endpoint for Amazon S3 in the VPC. Update the route tables of the subnets accordingly.
D. Provision a transit gateway. Place transit gateway attachments in the private subnets where the Lambda function is running.

# 840
A news company that has reporters all over the world is hosting its broadcast system on AWS. The reporters send live broadcasts to the broadcast system. The reporters use software on their phones to send live streams through the Real Time Messaging Protocol (RTMP).

A solutions architect must design a solution that gives the reporters the ability to send the highest quality streams. The solution must provide accelerated TCP connections back to the broadcast system.

What should the solutions architect use to meet these requirements?

A. Amazon CloudFront
B. AWS Global Accelerator
C. AWS Client VPN
D. Amazon EC2 instances and AWS Elastic IP addresses

# 841
A company uses Amazon EC2 instances and Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) to run its self-managed database. The company has 350 TB of data spread across all EBS volumes. The company takes daily EBS snapshots and keeps the snapshots for 1 month. The daily change rate is 5% of the EBS volumes.

Because of new regulations, the company needs to keep the monthly snapshots for 7 years. The company needs to change its backup strategy to comply with the new regulations and to ensure that data is available with minimal administrative effort.

Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?

---

A. Keep the daily snapshot in the EBS snapshot standard tier for 1 month. Copy the monthly snapshot to Amazon S3 Glacier Deep Archive with a 7-year retention period.

B. Continue with the current EBS snapshot policy. Add a new policy to move the monthly snapshot to Amazon EBS Snapshots Archive with a 7-year retention period.

C. Keep the daily snapshot in the EBS snapshot standard tier for 1 month. Keep the monthly snapshot in the standard tier for 7 years. Use incremental snapshots.

D. Keep the daily snapshot in the EBS snapshot standard tier. Use EBS direct APIs to take snapshots of all the EBS volumes every month. Store the snapshots in an Amazon S3 bucket in the Infrequent Access tier for 7 years.

# 842
A company runs an application on several Amazon EC2 instances that store persistent data on an Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) file system. The company needs to replicate the data to another AWS Region by using an AWS managed service solution.

Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?

A. Use the EFS-to-EFS backup solution to replicate the data to an EFS file system in another Region.
B. Run a nightly script to copy data from the EFS file system to an Amazon S3 bucket. Enable S3 Cross-Region Replication on the S3 bucket.
C. Create a VPC in another Region. Establish a cross-Region VPC peer. Run a nightly rsync to copy data from the original Region to the new Region.
D. Use AWS Backup to create a backup plan with a rule that takes a daily backup and replicates it to another Region. Assign the EFS file system resource to the backup plan.

# 843
An ecommerce company is migrating its on-premises workload to the AWS Cloud. The workload currently consists of a web application and a backend Microsoft SQL database for storage.

The company expects a high volume of customers during a promotional event. The new infrastructure in the AWS Cloud must be highly available and scalable.

Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST administrative overhead?

---

A. Migrate the web application to two Amazon EC2 instances across two Availability Zones behind an Application Load Balancer. Migrate the database to Amazon RDS for Microsoft SQL Server with read replicas in both Availability Zones.

B. Migrate the web application to an Amazon EC2 instance that runs in an Auto Scaling group across two Availability Zones behind an Application Load Balancer. Migrate the database to two EC2 instances across separate AWS Regions with database replication.

C. Migrate the web application to Amazon EC2 instances that run in an Auto Scaling group across two Availability Zones behind an Application Load Balancer. Migrate the database to Amazon RDS with Multi-AZ deployment.

D. Migrate the web application to three Amazon EC2 instances across three Availability Zones behind an Application Load Balancer. Migrate the database to three EC2 instances across three Availability Zones.

# 844: Amazon FSx for Windows File Server vs. AWS Storage Gateway
A company has an on-premises business application that generates hundreds of files each day. These files are stored on an SMB file share and require a low-latency connection to the application servers. A new company policy states all application-generated files must be copied to AWS. There is already a VPN connection to AWS.

The application development team does not have time to make the necessary code modifications to move the application to AWS.

Which service should a solutions architect recommend to allow the application to copy files to AWS?

A. Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS)
B. Amazon FSx for Windows File Server
C. AWS Snowball
D. AWS Storage Gateway

# 845
A company has 15 employees. The company stores employee start dates in an Amazon DynamoDB table. The company wants to send an email message to each employee on the day of the employee's work anniversary.

Which solution will meet these requirements with the MOST operational efficiency?

---

A. Create a script that scans the DynamoDB table and uses Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) to send email messages to employees when necessary. Use a cron job to run this script every day on an Amazon EC2 instance.

B. Create a script that scans the DynamoDB table and uses Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) to send email messages to employees when necessary. Use a cron job to run this script every day on an Amazon EC2 instance.

C. Create an AWS Lambda function that scans the DynamoDB table and uses Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) to send email messages to employees when necessary. Schedule this Lambda function to run every day.

D. Create an AWS Lambda function that scans the DynamoDB table and uses Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) to send email messages to employees when necessary. Schedule this Lambda function to run every day.

# 846: 예측적인 용량 증설
A company’s application is running on Amazon EC2 instances within an Auto Scaling group behind an Elastic Load Balancing (ELB) load balancer. Based on the application's history, the company anticipates a spike in traffic during a holiday each year. A solutions architect must design a strategy to ensure that the Auto Scaling group proactively increases capacity to minimize any performance impact on application users.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

---

A. Create an Amazon CloudWatch alarm to scale up the EC2 instances when CPU utilization exceeds 90%.

B. Create a recurring(반복되는) scheduled action to scale up the Auto Scaling group before the expected period of peak demand.

C. Increase the minimum and maximum number of EC2 instances in the Auto Scaling group during the peak demand period.

D. Configure an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) notification to send alerts when there are autoscaling:EC2_INSTANCE_LAUNCH events.


# 847
A company uses Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL databases for its data tier. The company must implement password rotation for the databases.

Which solution meets this requirement with the LEAST operational overhead?

A. Store the password in AWS Secrets Manager. Enable automatic rotation on the secret.
B. Store the password in AWS Systems Manager Parameter Store. Enable automatic rotation on the parameter.
C. Store the password in AWS Systems Manager Parameter Store. Write an AWS Lambda function that rotates the password.
D. Store the password in AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS). Enable automatic rotation on the AWS KMS key.

# 848
A company runs its application on Oracle Database Enterprise Edition. The company needs to migrate the application and the database to AWS. The company can use the Bring Your Own License (BYOL) model while migrating to AWS. The application uses third-party database features that require privileged access.

A solutions architect must design a solution for the database migration.

Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?

---

A. Migrate the database to Amazon RDS for Oracle by using native tools. Replace the third-party features with AWS Lambda.

B. Migrate the database to Amazon RDS Custom for Oracle by using native tools. Customize the new database settings to support the third-party features.

C. Migrate the database to Amazon DynamoDB by using AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS). Customize the new database settings to support the third-party features.

D. Migrate the database to Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL by using AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS). Rewrite the application code to remove the dependency on third-party features.

# 849
A large international university has deployed all of its compute services in the AWS Cloud. These services include Amazon EC2, Amazon RDS, and Amazon DynamoDB. The university currently relies on many custom scripts to back up its infrastructure. However, the university wants to centralize management and automate data backups as much as possible by using AWS native options.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Use third-party backup software with an AWS Storage Gateway tape gateway virtual tape library.
B. Use AWS Backup to configure and monitor all backups for the services in use.
C. Use AWS Config to set lifecycle management to take snapshots of all data sources on a schedule.
D. Use AWS Systems Manager State Manager to manage the configuration and monitoring of backup tasks.

# 850
A company wants to build a map of its IT infrastructure to identify and enforce policies on resources that pose security risks. The company's security team must be able to query data in the IT infrastructure map and quickly identify security risks.

Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?

A. Use Amazon RDS to store the data. Use SQL to query the data to identify security risks.
B. Use Amazon Neptune to store the data. Use SPARQL to query the data to identify security risks.
C. Use Amazon Redshift to store the data. Use SQL to query the data to identify security risks.
D. Use Amazon DynamoDB to store the data. Use PartiQL to query the data to identify security risks.


# 851
A large company wants to provide its globally located developers separate, limited size, managed PostgreSQL databases for development purposes. The databases will be low volume. The developers need the databases only when they are actively working.

Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?

A. Give the developers the ability to launch separate Amazon Aurora instances. Set up a process to shut down Aurora instances at the end of the workday and to start Aurora instances at the beginning of the next workday.

B. Develop an AWS Service Catalog product that enforces size restrictions for launching Amazon Aurora instances. Give the developers access to launch the product when they need a development database.

C. Create an Amazon Aurora Serverless cluster. Develop an AWS Service Catalog product to launch databases in the cluster with the default capacity settings. Grant the developers access to the product.

D. Monitor AWS Trusted Advisor checks for idle Amazon RDS databases. Create a process to terminate identified idle RDS databases.

# 852
A company is building a web application that serves a content management system. The content management system runs on Amazon EC2 instances behind an Application Load Balancer (ALB). The EC2 instances run in an Auto Scaling group across multiple Availability Zones. Users are constantly adding and updating files, blogs, and other website assets in the content management system.

A solutions architect must implement a solution in which all the EC2 instances share up-to-date website content with the least possible lag time.

Which solution meets these requirements?

---

A. Update the EC2 user data in the Auto Scaling group lifecycle policy to copy the website assets from the EC2 instance that was launched most recently. Configure the ALB to make changes to the website assets only in the newest EC2 instance.

B. Copy the website assets to an Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) file system. Configure each EC2 instance to mount the EFS file system locally. Configure the website hosting application to reference the website assets that are stored in the EFS file system.

C. Copy the website assets to an Amazon S3 bucket. Ensure that each EC2 instance downloads the website assets from the S3 bucket to the attached Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume. Run the S3 sync command once each hour to keep files up to date.

D. Restore an Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) snapshot with the website assets. Attach the EBS snapshot as a secondary EBS volume when a new EC2 instance is launched. Configure the website hosting application to reference the website assets that are stored in the secondary EBS volume.

# 853
A company's web application consists of multiple Amazon EC2 instances that run behind an Application Load Balancer in a VPC. An Amazon RDS for MySQL DB instance contains the data. The company needs the ability to automatically detect and respond to suspicious or unexpected behavior in its AWS environment. The company already has added AWS WAF to its architecture.

What should a solutions architect do next to protect against threats?

A. Use Amazon GuardDuty to perform threat detection. Configure Amazon EventBridge to filter for GuardDuty findings and to invoke an AWS Lambda function to adjust the AWS WAF rules.

B. Use AWS Firewall Manager to perform threat detection. Configure Amazon EventBridge to filter for Firewall Manager findings and to invoke an AWS Lambda function to adjust the AWS WAF web ACL.

C. Use Amazon Inspector to perform threat detection and to update the AWS WAF rules. Create a VPC network ACL to limit access to the web application.

D. Use Amazon Macie to perform threat detection and to update the AWS WAF rules. Create a VPC network ACL to limit access to the web application.

# 854
A company is planning to run a group of Amazon EC2 instances that connect to an Amazon Aurora database. The company has built an AWS CloudFormation template to deploy the EC2 instances and the Aurora DB cluster. The company wants to allow the instances to authenticate to the database in a secure way. The company does not want to maintain static database credentials.

Which solution meets these requirements with the LEAST operational effort?

---

A. Create a database user with a user name and password. Add parameters for the database user name and password to the CloudFormation template. Pass the parameters to the EC2 instances when the instances are launched.

B. Create a database user with a user name and password. Store the user name and password in AWS Systems Manager Parameter Store. Configure the EC2 instances to retrieve the database credentials from Parameter Store.

C. Configure the DB cluster to use IAM database authentication. Create a database user to use with IAM authentication. Associate a role with the EC2 instances to allow applications on the instances to access the database.

D. Configure the DB cluster to use IAM database authentication with an IAM user. Create a database user that has a name that matches the IAM user. Associate the IAM user with the EC2 instances to allow applications on the instances to access the database.

# 855
A company wants to configure its Amazon CloudFront distribution to use SSL/TLS certificates. The company does not want to use the default domain name for the distribution. Instead, the company wants to use a different domain name for the distribution.

Which solution will deploy the certificate without incurring any additional costs?

A. Request an Amazon issued private certificate from AWS Certificate Manager (ACM) in the us-east-1 Region.
B. Request an Amazon issued private certificate from AWS Certificate Manager (ACM) in the us-west-1 Region.
C. Request an Amazon issued public certificate from AWS Certificate Manager (ACM) in the us-east-1 Region.
D. Request an Amazon issued public certificate from AWS Certificate Manager (ACM) in the us-west-1 Region.

# 856
A company creates operations data and stores the data in an Amazon S3 bucket. For the company's annual audit, an external consultant needs to access an annual report that is stored in the S3 bucket. The external consultant needs to access the report for 7 days.

The company must implement a solution to allow the external consultant access to only the report.

Which solution will meet these requirements with the MOST operational efficiency?

A. Create a new S3 bucket that is configured to host a public static website. Migrate the operations data to the new S3 bucket. Share the S3 website URL with the external consultant.

B. Enable public access to the S3 bucket for 7 days. Remove access to the S3 bucket when the external consultant completes the audit.

C. Create a new IAM user that has access to the report in the S3 bucket. Provide the access keys to the external consultant. Revoke the access keys after 7 days.

D. Generate a presigned URL that has the required access to the location of the report on the S3 bucket. Share the presigned URL with the external consultant.

# 857
A company plans to run a high performance computing (HPC) workload on Amazon EC2 Instances. The workload requires low-latency network performance and high network throughput with tightly coupled node-to-node communication.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Configure the EC2 instances to be part of a cluster placement group.
B. Launch the EC2 instances with Dedicated Instance tenancy.
C. Launch the EC2 instances as Spot Instances.
D. Configure an On-Demand Capacity Reservation when the EC2 instances are launched.

# 858
A company has primary and secondary data centers that are 500 miles (804.7 km) apart and interconnected with high-speed fiber-optic cable. The company needs a highly available and secure network connection between its data centers and a VPC on AWS for a mission-critical workload. A solutions architect must choose a connection solution that provides maximum resiliency.

Which solution meets these requirements?

A. Two AWS Direct Connect connections from the primary data center terminating at two Direct Connect locations on two separate devices

B. A single AWS Direct Connect connection from each of the primary and secondary data centers terminating at one Direct Connect location on the same device

C. Two AWS Direct Connect connections from each of the primary and secondary data centers terminating(종료) at two Direct Connect locations on two separate devices

D. A single AWS Direct Connect connection from each of the primary and secondary data centers terminating at one Direct Connect location on two separate devices

# 859
A company runs several Amazon RDS for Oracle On-Demand DB instances that have high utilization. The RDS DB instances run in member accounts that are in an organization in AWS Organizations.

The company's finance team has access to the organization's management account and member accounts. The finance team wants to find ways to optimize costs by using AWS Trusted Advisor.

Which combination of steps will meet these requirements? (Choose two.)

A. Use the Trusted Advisor recommendations in the management account.
B. Use the Trusted Advisor recommendations in the member accounts where the RDS DB instances are running.
C. Review the Trusted Advisor checks for Amazon RDS Reserved Instance Optimization.
D. Review the Trusted Advisor checks for Amazon RDS Idle DB Instances.
E. Review the Trusted Advisor checks for compute optimization. Crosscheck the results by using AWS Compute Optimizer.

# 860
A solutions architect is creating an application. The application will run on Amazon EC2 instances in private subnets across multiple Availability Zones in a VPC. The EC2 instances will frequently access large files that contain confidential information. These files are stored in Amazon S3 buckets for processing. The solutions architect must optimize the network architecture to minimize data transfer costs.

What should the solutions architect do to meet these requirements?

A. Create a gateway endpoint for Amazon S3 in the VPC. In the route tables for the private subnets, add an entry for the gateway endpoint.
B. Create a single NAT gateway in a public subnet. In the route tables for the private subnets, add a default route that points to the NAT gateway.
C. Create an AWS PrivateLink interface endpoint for Amazon S3 in the VPIn the route tables for the private subnets, add an entry for the interface endpoint.
D. Create one NAT gateway for each Availability Zone in public subnets. In each of the route tables for the private subnets, add a default route that points to the NAT gateway in the same Availability Zone.

# 861
A company wants to relocate its on-premises MySQL database to AWS. The database accepts regular imports from a client-facing application, which causes a high volume of write operations. The company is concerned that the amount of traffic might be causing performance issues within the application.

How should a solutions architect design the architecture on AWS?

A. Provision an Amazon RDS for MySQL DB instance with Provisioned IOPS SSD storage. Monitor write operation metrics by using Amazon CloudWatch. Adjust the provisioned IOPS if necessary.

B. Provision an Amazon RDS for MySQL DB instance with General Purpose SSD storage. Place an Amazon ElastiCache cluster in front of the DB instance. Configure the application to query ElastiCache instead.

C. Provision an Amazon DocumentDB (with MongoDB compatibility) instance with a memory optimized instance type. Monitor Amazon CloudWatch for performance-related issues. Change the instance class if necessary.

D. Provision an Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) file system in General Purpose performance mode. Monitor Amazon CloudWatch for IOPS bottlenecks. Change to Provisioned Throughput performance mode if necessary.

# 862
A company runs an application in the AWS Cloud that generates sensitive archival data files. The company wants to rearchitect the application's data storage. The company wants to encrypt the data files and to ensure that third parties do not have access to the data before the data is encrypted and sent to AWS. The company has already created an Amazon S3 bucket.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Configure the S3 bucket to use client-side encryption with an Amazon S3 managed encryption key. Configure the application to use the S3 bucket to store the archival files.
B. Configure the S3 bucket to use server-side encryption with AWS KMS keys (SSE-KMS). Configure the application to use the S3 bucket to store the archival files.
C. Configure the S3 bucket to use dual-layer server-side encryption with AWS KMS keys (SSE-KMS). Configure the application to use the S3 bucket to store the archival files.
D. Configure the application to use client-side encryption with a key stored in AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS). Configure the application to store the archival files in the S3 bucket.

# 863
A company uses Amazon RDS with default backup settings for its database tier. The company needs to make a daily backup of the database to meet regulatory requirements. The company must retain the backups for 30 days.

Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?

A. Write an AWS Lambda function to create an RDS snapshot every day.
B. Modify the RDS database to have a retention period of 30 days for automated backups.
C. Use AWS Systems Manager Maintenance Windows to modify the RDS backup retention period.
D. Create a manual snapshot every day by using the AWS CLI. Modify the RDS backup retention period.

# 864
A company that runs its application on AWS uses an Amazon Aurora DB cluster as its database. During peak usage hours when multiple users access and read the data, the monitoring system shows degradation of database performance for the write queries. The company wants to increase the scalability of the application to meet peak usage demands.

Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?

A. Create a second Aurora DB cluster. Configure a copy job to replicate the users’ data to the new database. Update the application to use the second database to read the data.
B. Create an Amazon DynamoDB Accelerator (DAX) cluster in front of the existing Aurora DB cluster. Update the application to use the DAX cluster for read-only queries. Write data directly to the Aurora DB cluster.
C. Create an Aurora read replica in the existing Aurora DB cluster. Update the application to use the replica endpoint for read-only queries and to use the cluster endpoint for write queries.
D. Create an Amazon Redshift cluster. Copy the users' data to the Redshift cluster. Update the application to connect to the Redshift cluster and to perform read-only queries on the Redshift cluster.

# 865
A company's near-real-time streaming application is running on AWS. As the data is ingested, a job runs on the data and takes 30 minutes to complete. The workload frequently experiences high latency due to large amounts of incoming data. A solutions architect needs to design a scalable and serverless solution to enhance performance.

Which combination of steps should the solutions architect take? (Choose two.)

A. Use Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose to ingest the data.
B. Use AWS Lambda with AWS Step Functions to process the data.
C. Use AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) to ingest the data.
D. Use Amazon EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group to process the data.
E. Use AWS Fargate with Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) to process the data.

# 866
A company runs a web application on multiple Amazon EC2 instances in a VPC. The application needs to write sensitive data to an Amazon S3 bucket. The data cannot be sent over the public internet.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Create a gateway VPC endpoint for Amazon S3. Create a route in the VPC route table to the endpoint.
B. Create an internal Network Load Balancer that has the S3 bucket as the target.
C. Deploy the S3 bucket inside the VPCreate a route in the VPC route table to the bucket.
D. Create an AWS Direct Connect connection between the VPC and an S3 regional endpoint.

# 867
A company runs its production workload on Amazon EC2 instances with Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volumes. A solutions architect needs to analyze the current EBS volume cost and to recommend optimizations. The recommendations need to include estimated monthly saving opportunities.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Use Amazon Inspector reporting to generate EBS volume recommendations for optimization.
B. Use AWS Systems Manager reporting to determine EBS volume recommendations for optimization.
C. Use Amazon CloudWatch metrics reporting to determine EBS volume recommendations for optimization.
D. Use AWS Compute Optimizer to generate EBS volume recommendations for optimization.

# 868
A global company runs its workloads on AWS. The company's application uses Amazon S3 buckets across AWS Regions for sensitive data storage and analysis. The company stores millions of objects in multiple S3 buckets daily. The company wants to identify all S3 buckets that are not versioning-enabled.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Use the AWS Management Console to manually check each S3 bucket's versioning status across Regions.
B. Use Amazon S3 Storage Lens to identify all S3 buckets that are not versioning-enabled across Regions.
C. Enable IAM Access Analyzer for S3 to identify all S3 buckets that are not versioning-enabled across Regions.
D. Create an S3 Multi-Region Access Point to identify all S3 buckets that are not versioning-enabled across Regions.

# 869
A company wants to enhance its ecommerce order-processing application that is deployed on AWS. The application must process each order exactly once without affecting the customer experience during unpredictable traffic surges.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Create an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) FIFO queue. Put all the orders in the SQS queue. Configure an AWS Lambda function as the target to process the orders.
B. Create an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) standard topic. Publish all the orders to the SNS standard topic. Configure the application as a notification target.
C. Create a flow by using Amazon AppFlow. Send the orders to the flow. Configure an AWS Lambda function as the target to process the orders.
D. Configure AWS X-Ray in the application to track the order requests. Configure the application to process the orders by pulling the orders from Amazon CloudWatch.

# 870
A company has two AWS accounts: Production and Development. The company needs to push code changes in the Development account to the Production account. In the alpha phase, only two senior developers on the development team need access to the Production account. In the beta phase, more developers will need access to perform testing.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Create two policy documents by using the AWS Management Console in each account. Assign the policy to developers who need access.
B. Create an IAM role in the Development account. Grant the IAM role access to the Production account. Allow developers to assume the role.
C. Create an IAM role in the Production account. Define a trust policy that specifies the Development account. Allow developers to assume the role.
D. Create an IAM group in the Production account. Add the group as a principal in a trust policy that specifies the Production account. Add developers to the group.

# 871
A company wants to restrict access to the content of its web application. The company needs to protect the content by using authorization techniques that are available on AWS. The company also wants to implement a serverless architecture for authorization and authentication that has low login latency.

The solution must integrate with the web application and serve web content globally. The application currently has a small user base, but the company expects the application's user base to increase.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Configure Amazon Cognito for authentication. Implement Lambda@Edge for authorization. Configure Amazon CloudFront to serve the web application globally.

B. Configure AWS Directory Service for Microsoft Active Directory for authentication. Implement AWS Lambda for authorization. Use an Application Load Balancer to serve the web application globally.

C. Configure Amazon Cognito for authentication. Implement AWS Lambda for authorization. Use Amazon S3 Transfer Acceleration to serve the web application globally.

D. Configure AWS Directory Service for Microsoft Active Directory for authentication. Implement Lambda@Edge for authorization. Use AWS Elastic Beanstalk to serve the web application globally.


# 872
A development team uses multiple AWS accounts for its development, staging, and production environments. Team members have been launching large Amazon EC2 instances that are underutilized. A solutions architect must prevent large instances from being launched in all accounts.

How can the solutions architect meet this requirement with the LEAST operational overhead?

---

A. Update the IAM policies to deny the launch of large EC2 instances. Apply the policies to all users.

B. Define a resource in AWS Resource Access Manager that prevents the launch of large EC2 instances.

C. Create an IAM role in each account that denies the launch of large EC2 instances. Grant the developers IAM group access to the role.

D. Create an organization in AWS Organizations in the management account with the default policy. Create a service control policy (SCP) that denies the launch of large EC2 instances, and apply it to the AWS accounts.

# 873
A company has migrated a fleet of hundreds of on-premises virtual machines (VMs) to Amazon EC2 instances. The instances run a diverse fleet of Windows Server versions along with several Linux distributions. The company wants a solution that will automate inventory and updates of the operating systems. The company also needs a summary of common vulnerabilities of each instance for regular monthly reviews.

What should a solutions architect recommend to meet these requirements?

---

A. Set up AWS Systems Manager Patch Manager to manage all the EC2 instances. Configure AWS Security Hub to produce monthly reports.

B. Set up AWS Systems Manager Patch Manager to manage all the EC2 instances. Deploy Amazon Inspector, and configure monthly reports.

C. Set up AWS Shield Advanced, and configure monthly reports. Deploy AWS Config to automate patch installations on the EC2 instances.

D. Set up Amazon GuardDuty in the account to monitor all EC2 instances. Deploy AWS Config to automate patch installations on the EC2 instances.

# 874
A company hosts its application in the AWS Cloud. The application runs on Amazon EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group behind an Elastic Load Balancing (ELB) load balancer. The application connects to an Amazon DynamoDB table.

For disaster recovery (DR) purposes, the company wants to ensure that the application is available from another AWS Region with minimal downtime.

Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST downtime?

---

A. Create an Auto Scaling group and an ELB in the DR Region. Configure the DynamoDB table as a global table. Configure DNS failover to point to the new DR Region's ELB.

B. Create an AWS CloudFormation template to create EC2 instances, ELBs, and DynamoDB tables to be launched when necessary. Configure DNS failover to point to the new DR Region's ELB.

C. Create an AWS CloudFormation template to create EC2 instances and an ELB to be launched when necessary. Configure the DynamoDB table as a global table. Configure DNS failover to point to the new DR Region's ELB.

D. Create an Auto Scaling group and an ELB in the DR Region. Configure the DynamoDB table as a global table. Create an Amazon CloudWatch alarm with an evaluation period of 10 minutes to invoke an AWS Lambda function that updates Amazon Route 53 to point to the DR Region's ELB.

# 875
A company runs an application on Amazon EC2 instances in a private subnet. The application needs to store and retrieve data in Amazon S3 buckets. According to regulatory requirements, the data must not travel across the public internet.

What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?

A. Deploy a NAT gateway to access the S3 buckets.
B. Deploy AWS Storage Gateway to access the S3 buckets.
C. Deploy an S3 interface endpoint to access the S3 buckets.
D. Deploy an S3 gateway endpoint to access the S3 buckets.

# 876
A company hosts an application on Amazon EC2 instances that run in a single Availability Zone. The application is accessible by using the transport layer of the Open Systems Interconnection (OSI) model. The company needs the application architecture to have high availability.

Which combination of steps will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively? (Choose two.)

---

A. Configure new EC2 instances in a different Availability Zone. Use Amazon Route 53 to route traffic to all instances.

B. Configure a Network Load Balancer in front of the EC2 instances.

C. Configure a Network Load Balancer for TCP traffic to the instances. Configure an Application Load Balancer for HTTP and HTTPS traffic to the instances.

D. Create an Auto Scaling group for the EC2 instances. Configure the Auto Scaling group to use multiple Availability Zones. Configure the Auto Scaling group to run application health checks on the instances.

E. Create an Amazon CloudWatch alarm. Configure the alarm to restart EC2 instances that transition to a stopped state.

# 877
A company uses Amazon S3 to host its static website. The company wants to add a contact form to the webpage. The contact form will have dynamic server-side components for users to input their name, email address, phone number, and user message.

The company expects fewer than 100 site visits each month. The contact form must notify the company by email when a customer fills out the form.

Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?

---

A. Host the dynamic contact form in Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS). Set up Amazon Simple Email Service (Amazon SES) to connect to a third-party email provider.

B. Create an Amazon API Gateway endpoint that returns the contact form from an AWS Lambda function. Configure another Lambda function on the API Gateway to publish a message to an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic.

C. Host the website by using AWS Amplify Hosting for static content and dynamic content. Use server-side scripting to build the contact form. Configure Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) to deliver the message to the company.

D. Migrate the website from Amazon S3 to Amazon EC2 instances that run Windows Server. Use Internet Information Services (IIS) for Windows Server to host the webpage. Use client-side scripting to build the contact form. Integrate the form with Amazon WorkMail.


# 878
A company creates dedicated AWS accounts in AWS Organizations for its business units. Recently, an important notification was sent to the root user email address of a business unit account instead of the assigned account owner. The company wants to ensure that all future notifications can be sent to different employees based on the notification categories of billing, operations, or security.

Which solution will meet these requirements MOST securely?

---

A. Configure each AWS account to use a single email address that the company manages. Ensure that all account owners can access the email account to receive notifications. Configure alternate contacts for each AWS account with corresponding distribution lists for the billing team, the security team, and the operations team for each business unit.

B. Configure each AWS account to use a different email distribution list for each business unit that the company manages. Configure each distribution list with administrator email addresses that can respond to alerts. Configure alternate contacts for each AWS account with corresponding distribution lists for the billing team, the security team, and the operations team for each business unit.

C. Configure each AWS account root user email address to be the individual company managed email address of one person from each business unit. Configure alternate contacts for each AWS account with corresponding distribution lists for the billing team, the security team, and the operations team for each business unit.

D. Configure each AWS account root user to use email aliases that go to a centralized mailbox. Configure alternate contacts for each account by using a single business managed email distribution list each for the billing team, the security team, and the operations team.

# 879
A company runs an ecommerce application on AWS. Amazon EC2 instances process purchases and store the purchase details in an Amazon Aurora PostgreSQL DB cluster.

Customers are experiencing application timeouts during times of peak usage. A solutions architect needs to rearchitect the application so that the application can scale to meet peak usage demands.

Which combination of actions will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively? (Choose two.)

---

A. Configure an Auto Scaling group of new EC2 instances to retry the purchases until the processing is complete. Update the applications to connect to the DB cluster by using Amazon RDS Proxy.

B. Configure the application to use an Amazon ElastiCache cluster in front of the Aurora PostgreSQL DB cluster.

C. Update the application to send the purchase requests to an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue. Configure an Auto Scaling group of new EC2 instances that read from the SQS queue.

D. Configure an AWS Lambda function to retry the ticket purchases until the processing is complete.

E. Configure an Amazon AP! Gateway REST API with a usage plan.

# 880
A company that uses AWS Organizations runs 150 applications across 30 different AWS accounts. The company used AWS Cost and Usage Report to create a new report in the management account. The report is delivered to an Amazon S3 bucket that is replicated to a bucket in the data collection account.

The company’s senior leadership wants to view a custom dashboard that provides NAT gateway costs each day starting at the beginning of the current month.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

---

A. Share an Amazon QuickSight dashboard that includes the requested table visual. Configure QuickSight to use AWS DataSync to query the new report.

B. Share an Amazon QuickSight dashboard that includes the requested table visual. Configure QuickSight to use Amazon Athena to query the new report.

C. Share an Amazon CloudWatch dashboard that includes the requested table visual. Configure CloudWatch to use AWS DataSync to query the new report.

D. Share an Amazon CloudWatch dashboard that includes the requested table visual. Configure CloudWatch to use Amazon Athena to query the new report.

# 881
A company is hosting a high-traffic static website on Amazon S3 with an Amazon CloudFront distribution that has a default TTL of 0 seconds. The company wants to implement caching to improve performance for the website. However, the company also wants to ensure that stale content is not served for more than a few minutes after a deployment.

Which combination of caching methods should a solutions architect implement to meet these requirements? (Choose two.)

A. Set the CloudFront default TTL to 2 minutes.
B. Set a default TTL of 2 minutes on the S3 bucket.
C. Add a Cache-Control private directive to the objects in Amazon S3.
D. Create an AWS Lambda@Edge function to add an Expires header to HTTP responses. Configure the function to run on viewer response.
E. Add a Cache-Control max-age directive of 24 hours to the objects in Amazon S3. On deployment, create a CloudFront invalidation to clear any changed files from edge caches.

# 882
A company runs its application by using Amazon EC2 instances and AWS Lambda functions. The EC2 instances run in private subnets of a VPC. The Lambda functions need direct network access to the EC2 instances for the application to work.

The application will run for 1 year. The number of Lambda functions that the application uses will increase during the 1-year period. The company must minimize costs on all application resources.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Purchase an EC2 Instance Savings Plan. Connect the Lambda functions to the private subnets that contain the EC2 instances.
B. Purchase an EC2 Instance Savings Plan. Connect the Lambda functions to new public subnets in the same VPC where the EC2 instances run.
C. Purchase a Compute Savings Plan. Connect the Lambda functions to the private subnets that contain the EC2 instances.
D. Purchase a Compute Savings Plan. Keep the Lambda functions in the Lambda service VPC.


# 883
A company has deployed a multi-account strategy on AWS by using AWS Control Tower. The company has provided individual AWS accounts to each of its developers. The company wants to implement controls to limit AWS resource costs that the developers incur.

Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?

A. Instruct each developer to tag all their resources with a tag that has a key of CostCenter and a value of the developer's name. Use the required-tags AWS Config managed rule to check for the tag. Create an AWS Lambda function to terminate resources that do not have the tag. Configure AWS Cost Explorer to send a daily report to each developer to monitor their spending.

B. Use AWS Budgets to establish budgets for each developer account. Set up budget alerts for actual and forecast values to notify developers when they exceed or expect to exceed their assigned budget. Use AWS Budgets actions to apply a DenyAll policy to the developer's IAM role to prevent additional resources from being launched when the assigned budget is reached.

C. Use AWS Cost Explorer to monitor and report on costs for each developer account. Configure Cost Explorer to send a daily report to each developer to monitor their spending. Use AWS Cost Anomaly Detection to detect anomalous spending and provide alerts.

D. Use AWS Service Catalog to allow developers to launch resources within a limited cost range. Create AWS Lambda functions in each AWS account to stop running resources at the end of each work day. Configure the Lambda functions to resume the resources at the start of each work day.

# 884
A solutions architect is designing a three-tier web application. The architecture consists of an internet-facing Application Load Balancer (ALB) and a web tier that is hosted on Amazon EC2 instances in private subnets. The application tier with the business logic runs on EC2 instances in private subnets. The database tier consists of Microsoft SQL Server that runs on EC2 instances in private subnets. Security is a high priority for the company.

Which combination of security group configurations should the solutions architect use? (Choose three.)

A. Configure the security group for the web tier to allow inbound HTTPS traffic from the security group for the ALB.
B. Configure the security group for the web tier to allow outbound HTTPS traffic to 0.0.0.0/0.
C. Configure the security group for the database tier to allow inbound Microsoft SQL Server traffic from the security group for the application tier.
D. Configure the security group for the database tier to allow outbound HTTPS traffic and Microsoft SQL Server traffic to the security group for the web tier.
E. Configure the security group for the application tier to allow inbound HTTPS traffic from the security group for the web tier.
F. Configure the security group for the application tier to allow outbound HTTPS traffic and Microsoft SQL Server traffic to the security group for the web tier.

# 885
A company has released a new version of its production application. The company's workload uses Amazon EC2, AWS Lambda, AWS Fargate, and Amazon SageMaker.

The company wants to cost optimize the workload now that usage is at a steady state. The company wants to cover the most services with the fewest savings plans.

Which combination of savings plans will meet these requirements? (Choose two.)

A. Purchase an EC2 Instance Savings Plan for Amazon EC2 and SageMaker.
B. Purchase a Compute Savings Plan for Amazon EC2, Lambda, and SageMaker.
C. Purchase a SageMaker Savings Plan.
D. Purchase a Compute Savings Plan for Lambda, Fargate, and Amazon EC2.
E. Purchase an EC2 Instance Savings Plan for Amazon EC2 and Fargate.

# 886
A company uses a Microsoft SQL Server database. The company's applications are connected to the database. The company wants to migrate to an Amazon Aurora PostgreSQL database with minimal changes to the application code.

Which combination of steps will meet these requirements? (Choose two.)

A. Use the AWS Schema Conversion Tool (AWS SCT) to rewrite the SQL queries in the applications.
B. Enable Babelfish on Aurora PostgreSQL to run the SQL queries from the applications.
C. Migrate the database schema and data by using the AWS Schema Conversion Tool (AWS SCT) and AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS).
D. Use Amazon RDS Proxy to connect the applications to Aurora PostgreSQL.
E. Use AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) to rewrite the SQL queries in the applications.

# 887
A company plans to rehost an application to Amazon EC2 instances that use Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) as the attached storage.

A solutions architect must design a solution to ensure that all newly created Amazon EBS volumes are encrypted by default. The solution must also prevent the creation of unencrypted EBS volumes.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Configure the EC2 account attributes to always encrypt new EBS volumes.
B. Use AWS Config. Configure the encrypted-volumes identifier. Apply the default AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) key.
C. Configure AWS Systems Manager to create encrypted copies of the EBS volumes. Reconfigure the EC2 instances to use the encrypted volumes.
D. Create a customer managed key in AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS). Configure AWS Migration Hub to use the key when the company migrates workloads.

# 888
An ecommerce company wants to collect user clickstream data from the company's website for real-time analysis. The website experiences fluctuating traffic patterns throughout the day. The company needs a scalable solution that can adapt to varying levels of traffic.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Use a data stream in Amazon Kinesis Data Streams in on-demand mode to capture the clickstream data. Use AWS Lambda to process the data in real time.
B. Use Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose to capture the clickstream data. Use AWS Glue to process the data in real time.
C. Use Amazon Kinesis Video Streams to capture the clickstream data. Use AWS Glue to process the data in real time.
D. Use Amazon Managed Service for Apache Flink (previously known as Amazon Kinesis Data Analytics) to capture the clickstream data. Use AWS Lambda to process the data in real time.

# 889
A company runs a proprietary stateless ETL application on an Amazon EC2 Linux instances. The application is a Linux binary, and the source code cannot be modified. The application is single-threaded, uses 2 GB of RAM, and is highly CPU intensive. The application is scheduled to run every 4 hours and runs for up to
20 minutes. A solutions architect wants to revise the architecture for the solution.
Which strategy should the solutions architect use?

A. Use AWS Lambda to run the application. Use Amazon CloudWatch Logs to invoke the Lambda function every 4 hours.
B. Use AWS Batch to run the application. Use an AWS Step Functions state machine to invoke the AWS Batch job every 4 hours.
C. Use AWS Fargate to run the application. Use Amazon EventBridge (Amazon CloudWatch Events) to invoke the Fargate task every 4 hours.
D. Use Amazon EC2 Spot Instances to run the application. Use AWS CodeDeploy to deploy and run the application every 4 hours.

# 890
A company wants to use Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) to run its on-premises application in a hybrid environment. The application currently runs on containers on premises.

The company needs a single container solution that can scale in an on-premises, hybrid, or cloud environment. The company must run new application containers in the AWS Cloud and must use a load balancer for HTTP traffic.

Which combination of actions will meet these requirements? (Choose two.)

A. Set up an ECS cluster that uses the AWS Fargate launch type for the cloud application containers. Use an Amazon ECS Anywhere external launch type for the on-premises application containers.
B. Set up an Application Load Balancer for cloud ECS services.
C. Set up a Network Load Balancer for cloud ECS services.
D. Set up an ECS cluster that uses the AWS Fargate launch type. Use Fargate for the cloud application containers and the on-premises application containers.
E. Set up an ECS cluster that uses the Amazon EC2 launch type for the cloud application containers. Use Amazon ECS Anywhere with an AWS Fargate launch type for the on-premises application containers.


# 891


# 892


# 893
A company wants to isolate its workloads by creating an AWS account for each workload. The company needs a solution that centrally manages networking components for the workloads. The solution also must create accounts with automatic security controls (guardrails).

Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?

A. Use AWS Control Tower to deploy accounts. Create a networking account that has a VPC with private subnets and public subnets. Use AWS Resource Access Manager (AWS RAM) to share the subnets with the workload accounts.
B. Use AWS Organizations to deploy accounts. Create a networking account that has a VPC with private subnets and public subnets. Use AWS Resource Access Manager (AWS RAM) to share the subnets with the workload accounts.
C. Use AWS Control Tower to deploy accounts. Deploy a VPC in each workload account. Configure each VPC to route through an inspection VPC by using a transit gateway attachment.
D. Use AWS Organizations to deploy accounts. Deploy a VPC in each workload account. Configure each VPC to route through an inspection VPC by using a transit gateway attachment.


# 894
A company hosts a website on Amazon EC2 instances behind an Application Load Balancer (ALB). The website serves static content. Website traffic is increasing. The company wants to minimize the website hosting costs.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Move the website to an Amazon S3 bucket. Configure an Amazon CloudFront distribution for the S3 bucket.
B. Move the website to an Amazon S3 bucket. Configure an Amazon ElastiCache cluster for the S3 bucket.
C. Move the website to AWS Amplify. Configure an ALB to resolve to the Amplify website.
D. Move the website to AWS Amplify. Configure EC2 instances to cache the website.


# 895
A company is implementing a shared storage solution for a media application that the company hosts on AWS. The company needs the ability to use SMB clients to access stored data.

Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST administrative overhead?

A. Create an AWS Storage Gateway Volume Gateway. Create a file share that uses the required client protocol. Connect the application server to the file share.
B. Create an AWS Storage Gateway Tape Gateway. Configure tapes to use Amazon S3. Connect the application server to the Tape Gateway.
C. Create an Amazon EC2 Windows instance. Install and configure a Windows file share role on the instance. Connect the application server to the file share.
D. Create an Amazon FSx for Windows File Server file system. Connect the application server to the file system.

# 896
A company is designing its production application's disaster recovery (DR) strategy. The application is backed by a MySQL database on an Amazon Aurora cluster in the us-east-1 Region. The company has chosen the us-west-1 Region as its DR Region.

The company's target recovery point objective (RPO) is 5 minutes and the target recovery time objective (RTO) is 20 minutes. The company wants to minimize configuration changes.

Which solution will meet these requirements with the MOST operational efficiency?

A. Create an Aurora read replica in us-west-1 similar in size to the production application's Aurora MySQL cluster writer instance.
B. Convert the Aurora cluster to an Aurora global database. Configure managed failover.
C. Create a new Aurora cluster in us-west-1 that has Cross-Region Replication.
D. Create a new Aurora cluster in us-west-1. Use AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) to sync both clusters.

# 897
A company runs a critical data analysis job each week before the first day of the work week. The job requires at least 1 hour to complete the analysis. The job is stateful and cannot tolerate interruptions. The company needs a solution to run the job on AWS.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Create a container for the job. Schedule the job to run as an AWS Fargate task on an Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) cluster by using Amazon EventBridge Scheduler.
B. Configure the job to run in an AWS Lambda function. Create a scheduled rule in Amazon EventBridge to invoke the Lambda function.
C. Configure an Auto Scaling group of Amazon EC2 Spot Instances that run Amazon Linux. Configure a crontab entry on the instances to run the analysis.
D. Configure an AWS DataSync task to run the job. Configure a cron expression to run the task on a schedule.

# 898
A company runs workloads in the AWS Cloud. The company wants to centrally collect security data to assess security across the entire company and to improve workload protection.

Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST development effort?

A. Configure a data lake in AWS Lake Formation. Use AWS Glue crawlers to ingest the security data into the data lake.
B. Configure an AWS Lambda function to collect the security data in .csv format. Upload the data to an Amazon S3 bucket.
C. Configure a data lake in Amazon Security Lake to collect the security data. Upload the data to an Amazon S3 bucket.
D. Configure an AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) replication instance to load the security data into an Amazon RDS cluster.

# 899
A company is migrating five on-premises applications to VPCs in the AWS Cloud. Each application is currently deployed in isolated virtual networks on premises and should be deployed similarly in the AWS Cloud. The applications need to reach a shared services VPC. All the applications must be able to communicate with each other.

If the migration is successful, the company will repeat the migration process for more than 100 applications.

Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST administrative overhead?

A. Deploy software VPN tunnels between the application VPCs and the shared services VPC. Add routes between the application VPCs in their subnets to the shared services VPC.
B. Deploy VPC peering connections between the application VPCs and the shared services VPC. Add routes between the application VPCs in their subnets to the shared services VPC through the peering connection.
C. Deploy an AWS Direct Connect connection between the application VPCs and the shared services VPAdd routes from the application VPCs in their subnets to the shared services VPC and the applications VPCs. Add routes from the shared services VPC subnets to the applications VPCs.
D. Deploy a transit gateway with associations between the transit gateway and the application VPCs and the shared services VPC. Add routes between the application VPCs in their subnets and the application VPCs to the shared services VPC through the transit gateway.

# 900
A company wants to use Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) to run its on-premises application in a hybrid environment. The application currently runs on containers on premises.

The company needs a single container solution that can scale in an on-premises, hybrid, or cloud environment. The company must run new application containers in the AWS Cloud and must use a load balancer for HTTP traffic.

Which combination of actions will meet these requirements? (Choose two.)

A. Set up an ECS cluster that uses the AWS Fargate launch type for the cloud application containers. Use an Amazon ECS Anywhere external launch type for the on-premises application containers.
B. Set up an Application Load Balancer for cloud ECS services.
C. Set up a Network Load Balancer for cloud ECS services.
D. Set up an ECS cluster that uses the AWS Fargate launch type. Use Fargate for the cloud application containers and the on-premises application containers.
E. Set up an ECS cluster that uses the Amazon EC2 launch type for the cloud application containers. Use Amazon ECS Anywhere with an AWS Fargate launch type for the on-premises application containers.