# 901
A company is migrating its workloads to AWS. The company has sensitive and critical data in on-premises relational databases that run on SQL Server instances.

The company wants to use the AWS Cloud to increase security and reduce operational overhead for the databases.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Migrate the databases to Amazon EC2 instances. Use an AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) AWS managed key for encryption.
B. Migrate the databases to a Multi-AZ Amazon RDS for SQL Server DB instance. Use an AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) AWS managed key for encryption.
C. Migrate the data to an Amazon S3 bucket. Use Amazon Macie to ensure data security.
D. Migrate the databases to an Amazon DynamoDB table. Use Amazon CloudWatch Logs to ensure data security.

# 902
A company wants to migrate an application to AWS. The company wants to increase the application's current availability. The company wants to use AWS WAF in the application's architecture.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Create an Auto Scaling group that contains multiple Amazon EC2 instances that host the application across two Availability Zones. Configure an Application Load Balancer (ALB) and set the Auto Scaling group as the target. Connect a WAF to the ALB.
B. Create a cluster placement group that contains multiple Amazon EC2 instances that hosts the application. Configure an Application Load Balancer and set the EC2 instances as the targets. Connect a WAF to the placement group.
C. Create two Amazon EC2 instances that host the application across two Availability Zones. Configure the EC2 instances as the targets of an Application Load Balancer (ALB). Connect a WAF to the ALB.
D. Create an Auto Scaling group that contains multiple Amazon EC2 instances that host the application across two Availability Zones. Configure an Application Load Balancer (ALB) and set the Auto Scaling group as the target. Connect a WAF to the Auto Scaling group.

# 903
A company manages a data lake in an Amazon S3 bucket that numerous applications access. The S3 bucket contains a unique prefix for each application. The company wants to restrict each application to its specific prefix and to have granular control of the objects under each prefix.

Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?

A. Create dedicated S3 access points and access point policies for each application.
B. Create an S3 Batch Operations job to set the ACL permissions for each object in the S3 bucket.
C. Replicate the objects in the S3 bucket to new S3 buckets for each application. Create replication rules by prefix.
D. Replicate the objects in the S3 bucket to new S3 buckets for each application. Create dedicated S3 access points for each application.

# 904
A company has an application that customers use to upload images to an Amazon S3 bucket. Each night, the company launches an Amazon EC2 Spot Fleet that processes all the images that the company received that day. The processing for each image takes 2 minutes and requires 512 MB of memory.

A solutions architect needs to change the application to process the images when the images are uploaded.

Which change will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?

A. Use S3 Event Notifications to write a message with image details to an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue. Configure an AWS Lambda function to read the messages from the queue and to process the images.

B. Use S3 Event Notifications to write a message with image details to an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue. Configure an EC2 Reserved Instance to read the messages from the queue and to process the images.

C. Use S3 Event Notifications to publish a message with image details to an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic. Configure a container instance in Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) to subscribe to the topic and to process the images.

D. Use S3 Event Notifications to publish a message with image details to an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic. Configure an AWS Elastic Beanstalk application to subscribe to the topic and to process the images.

# 905
A company wants to improve the availability and performance of its hybrid application. The application consists of a stateful TCP-based workload hosted on Amazon EC2 instances in different AWS Regions and a stateless UDP-based workload hosted on premises.

Which combination of actions should a solutions architect take to improve availability and performance? (Choose two.)

A. Create an accelerator using AWS Global Accelerator. Add the load balancers as endpoints.
B. Create an Amazon CloudFront distribution with an origin that uses Amazon Route 53 latency-based routing to route requests to the load balancers.
C. Configure two Application Load Balancers in each Region. The first will route to the EC2 endpoints, and the second will route to the on-premises endpoints.
D. Configure a Network Load Balancer in each Region to address the EC2 endpoints. Configure a Network Load Balancer in each Region that routes to the on-premises endpoints.
E. Configure a Network Load Balancer in each Region to address the EC2 endpoints. Configure an Application Load Balancer in each Region that routes to the on-premises endpoints.

# 906
A company runs a self-managed Microsoft SQL Server on Amazon EC2 instances and Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS). Daily snapshots are taken of the EBS volumes.

Recently, all the company’s EBS snapshots were accidentally deleted while running a snapshot cleaning script that deletes all expired EBS snapshots. A solutions architect needs to update the architecture to prevent data loss without retaining EBS snapshots indefinitely.

Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST development effort?

A. Change the IAM policy of the user to deny EBS snapshot deletion.
B. Copy the EBS snapshots to another AWS Region after completing the snapshots daily.
C. Create a 7-day EBS snapshot retention rule in Recycle Bin and apply the rule for all snapshots.
D. Copy EBS snapshots to Amazon S3 Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA).


# 907
A company wants to use an AWS CloudFormation stack for its application in a test environment. The company stores the CloudFormation template in an Amazon S3 bucket that blocks public access. The company wants to grant CloudFormation access to the template in the S3 bucket based on specific user requests to create the test environment. The solution must follow security best practices.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Create a gateway VPC endpoint for Amazon S3. Configure the CloudFormation stack to use the S3 object URL.
B. Create an Amazon API Gateway REST API that has the S3 bucket as the target. Configure the CloudFormation stack to use the API Gateway URL.
C. Create a presigned URL for the template object. Configure the CloudFormation stack to use the presigned URL.
D. Allow public access to the template object in the S3 bucket. Block the public access after the test environment is created.

# 908
A company has applications that run in an organization in AWS Organizations. The company outsources operational support of the applications. The company needs to provide access for the external support engineers without compromising security.

The external support engineers need access to the AWS Management Console. The external support engineers also need operating system access to the company’s fleet ofAmazon EC2 instances that run Amazon Linux in private subnets.

Which solution will meet these requirements MOST securely?

A. Confirm that AWS Systems Manager Agent (SSM Agent) is installed on all instances. Assign an instance profile with the necessary policy to connect to Systems Manager. Use AWS IAM Identity Center to provide the external support engineers console access. Use Systems Manager Session Manager to assign the required permissions.

B. Confirm that AWS Systems Manager Agent (SSM Agent) is installed on all instances. Assign an instance profile with the necessary policy to connect to Systems Manager. Use Systems Manager Session Manager to provide local IAM user credentials in each AWS account to the external support engineers for console access.

C. Confirm that all instances have a security group that allows SSH access only from the external support engineers’ source IP address ranges. Provide local IAM user credentials in each AWS account to the external support engineers for console access. Provide each external support engineer an SSH key pair to log in to the application instances.

D. Create a bastion host in a public subnet. Set up the bastion host security group to allow access from only the external engineers’ IP address ranges. Ensure that all instances have a security group that allows SSH access from the bastion host. Provide each external support engineer an SSH key pair to log in to the application instances. Provide local account IAM user credentials to the engineers for console access.

# 909
A company uses Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL to run its applications in the us-east-1 Region. The company also uses machine learning (ML) models to forecast annual revenue based on near real-time reports. The reports are generated by using the same RDS for PostgreSQL database. The database performance slows during business hours. The company needs to improve database performance.

Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?

A. Create a cross-Region read replica. Configure the reports to be generated from the read replica.
B. Activate Multi-AZ DB instance deployment for RDS for PostgreSQL. Configure the reports to be generated from the standby database.
C. Use AWS Data Migration Service (AWS DMS) to logically replicate data to a new database. Configure the reports to be generated from the new database.
D. Create a read replica in us-east-1. Configure the reports to be generated from the read replica.

# 910
A company hosts its multi-tier, public web application in the AWS Cloud. The web application runs on Amazon EC2 instances, and its database runs on Amazon RDS. The company is anticipating a large increase in sales during an upcoming holiday weekend. A solutions architect needs to build a solution to analyze the performance of the web application with a granularity of no more than 2 minutes.

What should the solutions architect do to meet this requirement?

A. Send Amazon CloudWatch logs to Amazon Redshift. Use Amazon QuickS ght to perform further analysis.
B. Enable detailed monitoring on all EC2 instances. Use Amazon CloudWatch metrics to perform further analysis.
C. Create an AWS Lambda function to fetch EC2 logs from Amazon CloudWatch Logs. Use Amazon CloudWatch metrics to perform further analysis.
D. Send EC2 logs to Amazon S3. Use Amazon Redshift to fetch logs from the S3 bucket to process raw data for further analysis with Amazon QuickSight.

# 911
A company runs an application that stores and shares photos. Users upload the photos to an Amazon S3 bucket. Every day, users upload approximately 150 photos. The company wants to design a solution that creates a thumbnail of each new photo and stores the thumbnail in a second S3 bucket.

Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?

A. Configure an Amazon EventBridge scheduled rule to invoke a script every minute on a long-running Amazon EMR cluster. Configure the script to generate thumbnails for the photos that do not have thumbnails. Configure the script to upload the thumbnails to the second S3 bucket.

B. Configure an Amazon EventBridge scheduled rule to invoke a script every minute on a memory-optimized Amazon EC2 instance that is always on. Configure the script to generate thumbnails for the photos that do not have thumbnails. Configure the script to upload the thumbnails to the second S3 bucket.

C. Configure an S3 event notification to invoke an AWS Lambda function each time a user uploads a new photo to the application. Configure the Lambda function to generate a thumbnail and to upload the thumbnail to the second S3 bucket.

D. Configure S3 Storage Lens to invoke an AWS Lambda function each time a user uploads a new photo to the application. Configure the Lambda function to generate a thumbnail and to upload the thumbnail to a second S3 bucket.

# 912
A company has stored millions of objects across multiple prefixes in an Amazon S3 bucket by using the Amazon S3 Glacier Deep Archive storage class. The company needs to delete all data older than 3 years except for a subset of data that must be retained. The company has identified the data that must be retained and wants to implement a serverless solution.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Use S3 Inventory to list all objects. Use the AWS CLI to create a script that runs on an Amazon EC2 instance that deletes objects from the inventory list.
B. Use AWS Batch to delete objects older than 3 years except for the data that must be retained.
C. Provision an AWS Glue crawler to query objects older than 3 years. Save the manifest file of old objects. Create a script to delete objects in the manifest.
D. Enable S3 Inventory. Create an AWS Lambda function to filter and delete objects. Invoke the Lambda function with S3 Batch Operations to delete objects by using the inventory reports.

# 913
A media company has a multi-account AWS environment in the us-east-1 Region. The company has an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic in a production account that publishes performance metrics. The company has an AWS Lambda function in an administrator account to process and analyze log data.

The Lambda function that is in the administrator account must be invoked by messages from the SNS topic that is in the production account when significant metrics are reported.

Which combination of steps will meet these requirements? (Choose two.)

A. Create an IAM resource policy for the Lambda function that allows Amazon SNS to invoke the function.
B. Implement an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue in the administrator account to buffer messages from the SNS topic that is in the production account. Configure the SQS queue to invoke the Lambda function.
C. Create an IAM policy for the SNS topic that allows the Lambda function to subscribe to the topic.
D. Use an Amazon EventBridge rule in the production account to capture the SNS topic notifications. Configure the EventBridge rule to forward notifications to the Lambda function that is in the administrator account.ㅋ
E. Store performance metrics in an Amazon S3 bucket in the production account. Use Amazon Athena to analyze the metrics from the administrator account.

# 914
A company has developed a non-production application that is composed of multiple microservices for each of the company's business units. A single development team maintains all the microservices.

The current architecture uses a static web frontend and a Java-based backend that contains the application logic. The architecture also uses a MySQL database that the company hosts on an Amazon EC2 instance.

The company needs to ensure that the application is secure and available globally.

Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?

A. Use Amazon CloudFront and AWS Amplify to host the static web frontend. Refactor the microservices to use AWS Lambda functions that the microservices access by using Amazon API Gateway. Migrate the MySQL database to an Amazon EC2 Reserved Instance.

B. Use Amazon CloudFront and Amazon S3 to host the static web frontend. Refactor the microservices to use AWS Lambda functions that the microservices access by using Amazon API Gateway. Migrate the MySQL database to Amazon RDS for MySQL.

C. Use Amazon CloudFront and Amazon S3 to host the static web frontend. Refactor the microservices to use AWS Lambda functions that are in a target group behind a Network Load Balancer. Migrate the MySQL database to Amazon RDS for MySQL.

D. Use Amazon S3 to host the static web frontend. Refactor the microservices to use AWS Lambda functions that are in a target group behind an Application Load Balancer. Migrate the MySQL database to an Amazon EC2 Reserved Instance.

# 915
A video game company is deploying a new gaming application to its global users. The company requires a solution that will provide near real-time reviews and rankings of the players.

A solutions architect must design a solution to provide fast access to the data. The solution must also ensure the data persists on disks in the event that the company restarts the application.

Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?

A. Configure an Amazon CloudFront distribution with an Amazon S3 bucket as the origin. Store the player data in the S3 bucket.
B. Create Amazon EC2 instances in multiple AWS Regions. Store the player data on the EC2 instances. Configure Amazon Route 53 with geolocation records to direct users to the closest EC2 instance.
C. Deploy an Amazon ElastiCache for Redis duster. Store the player data in the ElastiCache cluster.
D. Deploy an Amazon ElastiCache for Memcached duster. Store the player data in the ElastiCache cluster.

# 916
A company is designing an application on AWS that processes sensitive data. The application stores and processes financial data for multiple customers.

To meet compliance requirements, the data for each customer must be encrypted separately at rest by using a secure, centralized key management solution. The company wants to use AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) to implement encryption.

Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?

A. Generate a unique encryption key for each customer. Store the keys in an Amazon S3 bucket. Enable server-side encryption.
B. Deploy a hardware security appliance in the AWS environment that securely stores customer-provided encryption keys. Integrate the security appliance with AWS KMS to encrypt the sensitive data in the application.
C. Create a single AWS KMS key to encrypt all sensitive data across the application.
D. Create separate AWS KMS keys for each customer's data that have granular access control and logging enabled.

# 917
A company needs to design a resilient web application to process customer orders. The web application must automatically handle increases in web traffic and application usage without affecting the customer experience or losing customer orders.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Use a NAT gateway to manage web traffic. Use Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling groups to receive, process, and store processed customer orders. Use an AWS Lambda function to capture and store unprocessed orders.

B. Use a Network Load Balancer (NLB) to manage web traffic. Use an Application Load Balancer to receive customer orders from the NLUse Amazon Redshift with a Multi-AZ deployment to store unprocessed and processed customer orders.

C. Use a Gateway Load Balancer (GWLB) to manage web traffic. Use Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) to receive and process customer orders. Use the GWLB to capture and store unprocessed orders. Use Amazon DynamoDB to store processed customer orders.

D. Use an Application Load Balancer to manage web traffic. Use Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling groups to receive and process customer orders. Use Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) to store unprocessed orders. Use Amazon RDS with a Multi-AZ deployment to store processed customer orders.

# 918
A company is using AWS DataSync to migrate millions of files from an on-premises system to AWS. The files are 10 KB in size on average.

The company wants to use Amazon S3 for file storage. For the first year after the migration, the files will be accessed once or twice and must be immediately available. After 1 year, the files must be archived for at least 7 years.

Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?

A. Use an archive tool to group the files into large objects. Use DataSync to migrate the objects. Store the objects in S3 Glacier Instant Retrieval for the first year. Use a lifecycle configuration to transition the files to S3 Glacier Deep Archive after 1 year with a retention period of 7 years.

B. Use an archive tool to group the files into large objects. Use DataSync to copy the objects to S3 Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA). Use a lifecycle configuration to transition the files to S3 Glacier Instant Retrieval after 1 year with a retention period of 7 years.

C. Configure the destination storage class for the files as S3 Glacier Instant Retrieval. Use a lifecycle policy to transition the files to S3 Glacier Flexible Retrieval after 1 year with a retention period of 7 years.

D. Configure a DataSync task to transfer the files to S3 Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA). Use a lifecycle configuration to transition the files to S3 Deep Archive after 1 year with a retention period of 7 years.

# 919
A company recently performed a lift and shift migration of its on-premises Oracle database workload to run on an Amazon EC2 memory optimized Linux instance. The EC2 Linux instance uses a 1 TB Provisioned IOPS SSD (io1) EBS volume with 64,000 IOPS.

The database storage performance after the migration is slower than the performance of the on-premises database.

Which solution will improve storage performance?

A. Add more Provisioned IOPS SSD (io1) EBS volumes. Use OS commands to create a Logical Volume Management (LVM) stripe.
B. Increase the Provisioned IOPS SSD (io1) EBS volume to more than 64,000 IOPS.
C. Increase the size of the Provisioned IOPS SSD (io1) EBS volume to 2 TB.
D. Change the EC2 Linux instance to a storage optimized instance type. Do not change the Provisioned IOPS SSD (io1) EBS volume.

# 920
A company is migrating from a monolithic architecture for a web application that is hosted on Amazon EC2 to a serverless microservices architecture. The company wants to use AWS services that support an event-driven, loosely coupled architecture. The company wants to use the publish/subscribe (pub/sub) pattern.

Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?

A. Configure an Amazon API Gateway REST API to invoke an AWS Lambda function that publishes events to an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue. Configure one or more subscribers to read events from the SQS queue.

B. Configure an Amazon API Gateway REST API to invoke an AWS Lambda function that publishes events to an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic. Configure one or more subscribers to receive events from the SNS topic.

C. Configure an Amazon API Gateway WebSocket API to write to a data stream in Amazon Kinesis Data Streams with enhanced fan-out. Configure one or more subscribers to receive events from the data stream.

D. Configure an Amazon API Gateway HTTP API to invoke an AWS Lambda function that publishes events to an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic. Configure one or more subscribers to receive events from the topic.