# 201
A company is developing a marketing communications service that targets mobile app users. The company needs to send confirmation messages with Short Message Service (SMS) to its users. The users must be able to reply to the SMS messages. The company must store the responses for a year for analysis.

What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements?

A. Create an Amazon Connect contact flow to send the SMS messages. Use AWS Lambda to process the responses.
B. Build an Amazon Pinpoint journey. Configure Amazon Pinpoint to send events to an Amazon Kinesis data stream for analysis and archiving.
C. Use Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) to distribute the SMS messages. Use AWS Lambda to process the responses.
D. Create an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) FIFO topic. Subscribe an Amazon Kinesis data stream to the SNS topic for analysis and archiving.
 
# 202
A company is planning to move its data to an Amazon S3 bucket. The data must be encrypted when it is stored in the S3 bucket. Additionally, the encryption key must be automatically rotated every year.

Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?

A. Move the data to the S3 bucket. Use server-side encryption with Amazon S3 managed encryption keys (SSE-S3). Use the built-in key rotation behavior of SSE-S3 encryption keys.
B. Create an AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) customer managed key. Enable automatic key rotation. Set the S3 bucket’s default encryption behavior to use the customer managed KMS key. Move the data to the S3 bucket.
C. Create an AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) customer managed key. Set the S3 bucket’s default encryption behavior to use the customer managed KMS key. Move the data to the S3 bucket. Manually rotate the KMS key every year.
D. Encrypt the data with customer key material before moving the data to the S3 bucket. Create an AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) key without key material. Import the customer key material into the KMS key. Enable automatic key rotation.
 
# 203
The customers of a finance company request appointments with financial advisors by sending text messages. A web application that runs on Amazon EC2 instances accepts the appointment requests. The text messages are published to an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue through the web application. Another application that runs on EC2 instances then sends meeting invitations and meeting confirmation email messages to the customers. After successful scheduling, this application stores the meeting information in an Amazon DynamoDB database.

As the company expands, customers report that their meeting invitations are taking longer to arrive.

What should a solutions architect recommend to resolve this issue?

A. Add a DynamoDB Accelerator (DAX) cluster in front of the DynamoDB database.
B. Add an Amazon API Gateway API in front of the web application that accepts the appointment requests.
C. Add an Amazon CloudFront distribution. Set the origin as the web application that accepts the appointment requests.
D. Add an Auto Scaling group for the application that sends meeting invitations. Configure the Auto Scaling group to scale based on the depth of the SQS queue. 
# 204
An online retail company has more than 50 million active customers and receives more than 25,000 orders each day. The company collects purchase data for customers and stores this data in Amazon S3. Additional customer data is stored in Amazon RDS.

The company wants to make all the data available to various teams so that the teams can perform analytics. The solution must provide the ability to manage fine-grained permissions for the data and must minimize operational overhead.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Migrate the purchase data to write directly to Amazon RDS. Use RDS access controls to limit access.
B. Schedule an AWS Lambda function to periodically copy data from Amazon RDS to Amazon S3. Create an AWS Glue crawler. Use Amazon Athena to query the data. Use S3 policies to limit access.
C. Create a data lake by using AWS Lake Formation. Create an AWS Glue JDBC connection to Amazon RDS. Register the S3 bucket in Lake Formation. Use Lake Formation access controls to limit access.
D. Create an Amazon Redshift cluster. Schedule an AWS Lambda function to periodically copy data from Amazon S3 and Amazon RDS to Amazon Redshift. Use Amazon Redshift access controls to limit access.
 
# 205
A company hosts a marketing website in an on-premises data center. The website consists of static documents and runs on a single server. An administrator updates the website content infrequently and uses an SFTP client to upload new documents.

The company decides to host its website on AWS and to use Amazon CloudFront. The company’s solutions architect creates a CloudFront distribution. The solutions architect must design the most cost-effective and resilient architecture for website hosting to serve as the CloudFront origin.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Create a virtual server by using Amazon Lightsail. Configure the web server in the Lightsail instance. Upload website content by using an SFTP client.
B. Create an AWS Auto Scaling group for Amazon EC2 instances. Use an Application Load Balancer. Upload website content by using an SFTP client.
C. Create a private Amazon S3 bucket. Use an S3 bucket policy to allow access from a CloudFront origin access identity (OAI). Upload website content by using the AWS CLI.
D. Create a public Amazon S3 bucket. Configure AWS Transfer for SFTP. Configure the S3 bucket for website hosting. Upload website content by using the SFTP client.
 
# 206
A company wants to manage Amazon Machine Images (AMIs). The company currently copies AMIs to the same AWS Region where the AMIs were created. The company needs to design an application that captures AWS API calls and sends alerts whenever the Amazon EC2 CreateImage API operation is called within the company’s account.

Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?

A. Create an AWS Lambda function to query AWS CloudTrail logs and to send an alert when a CreateImage API call is detected.
B. Configure AWS CloudTrail with an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) notification that occurs when updated logs are sent to Amazon S3. Use Amazon Athena to create a new table and to query on CreateImage when an API call is detected.
C. Create an Amazon EventBridge (Amazon CloudWatch Events) rule for the CreateImage API call. Configure the target as an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic to send an alert when a CreateImage API call is detected.
D. Configure an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) FIFO queue as a target for AWS CloudTrail logs. Create an AWS Lambda function to send an alert to an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic when a CreateImage API call is detected.
 
# 207
A company owns an asynchronous API that is used to ingest user requests and, based on the request type, dispatch requests to the appropriate microservice for processing. The company is using Amazon API Gateway to deploy the API front end, and an AWS Lambda function that invokes Amazon DynamoDB to store user requests before dispatching them to the processing microservices.

The company provisioned as much DynamoDB throughput as its budget allows, but the company is still experiencing availability issues and is losing user requests.

What should a solutions architect do to address this issue without impacting existing users?

A. Add throttling on the API Gateway with server-side throttling limits.
B. Use DynamoDB Accelerator (DAX) and Lambda to buffer writes to DynamoDB.
C. Create a secondary index in DynamoDB for the table with the user requests.
D. Use the Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue and Lambda to buffer writes to DynamoDB. 
# 208
A company needs to move data from an Amazon EC2 instance to an Amazon S3 bucket. The company must ensure that no API calls and no data are routed through public internet routes. Only the EC2 instance can have access to upload data to the S3 bucket.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Create an interface VPC endpoint for Amazon S3 in the subnet where the EC2 instance is located. Attach a resource policy to the S3 bucket to only allow the EC2 instance’s IAM role for access.
B. Create a gateway VPC endpoint for Amazon S3 in the Availability Zone where the EC2 instance is located. Attach appropriate security groups to the endpoint. Attach a resource policy to the S3 bucket to only allow the EC2 instance’s IAM role for access.
C. Run the nslookup tool from inside the EC2 instance to obtain the private IP address of the S3 bucket’s service API endpoint. Create a route in the VPC route table to provide the EC2 instance with access to the S3 bucket. Attach a resource policy to the S3 bucket to only allow the EC2 instance’s IAM role for access.
D. Use the AWS provided, publicly available ip-ranges.json file to obtain the private IP address of the S3 bucket’s service API endpoint. Create a route in the VPC route table to provide the EC2 instance with access to the S3 bucket. Attach a resource policy to the S3 bucket to only allow the EC2 instance’s IAM role for access.
 
# 209
A solutions architect is designing the architecture of a new application being deployed to the AWS Cloud. The application will run on Amazon EC2 On-Demand Instances and will automatically scale across multiple Availability Zones. The EC2 instances will scale up and down frequently throughout the day. An Application Load Balancer (ALB) will handle the load distribution. The architecture needs to support distributed session data management. The company is willing to make changes to code if needed.

What should the solutions architect do to ensure that the architecture supports distributed session data management?

A. Use Amazon ElastiCache to manage and store session data.
B. Use session affinity (sticky sessions) of the ALB to manage session data.
C. Use Session Manager from AWS Systems Manager to manage the session.
D. Use the GetSessionToken API operation in AWS Security Token Service (AWS STS) to manage the session.
 
# 210
A company offers a food delivery service that is growing rapidly. Because of the growth, the company’s order processing system is experiencing scaling problems during peak traffic hours. The current architecture includes the following:

• A group of Amazon EC2 instances that run in an Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling group to collect orders from the application
• Another group of EC2 instances that run in an Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling group to fulfill orders

The order collection process occurs quickly, but the order fulfillment process can take longer. Data must not be lost because of a scaling event.

A solutions architect must ensure that the order collection process and the order fulfillment process can both scale properly during peak traffic hours. The solution must optimize utilization of the company’s AWS resources.

Which solution meets these requirements?

A. Use Amazon CloudWatch metrics to monitor the CPU of each instance in the Auto Scaling groups. Configure each Auto Scaling group’s minimum capacity according to peak workload values.
B. Use Amazon CloudWatch metrics to monitor the CPU of each instance in the Auto Scaling groups. Configure a CloudWatch alarm to invoke an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic that creates additional Auto Scaling groups on demand.
C. Provision two Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queues: one for order collection and another for order fulfillment. Configure the EC2 instances to poll their respective queue. Scale the Auto Scaling groups based on notifications that the queues send.
D. Provision two Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queues: one for order collection and another for order fulfillment. Configure the EC2 instances to poll their respective queue. Create a metric based on a backlog per instance calculation. Scale the Auto Scaling groups based on this metric. 
