# 201
A company is developing a marketing communications service that targets mobile app users. The company needs to send confirmation messages with Short Message Service (SMS) to its users. The users must be able to reply to the SMS messages. The company must store the responses for a year for analysis.

What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements?

A. Create an Amazon Connect contact flow to send the SMS messages. Use AWS Lambda to process the responses.

B. Build an Amazon Pinpoint journey. Configure Amazon Pinpoint to send events to an Amazon Kinesis data stream for analysis and archiving.

C. Use Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) to distribute the SMS messages. Use AWS Lambda to process the responses.

D. Create an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) FIFO topic. Subscribe an Amazon Kinesis data stream to the SNS topic for analysis and archiving.
 
# 202
A company is planning to move its data to an Amazon S3 bucket. The data must be encrypted when it is stored in the S3 bucket. Additionally, the encryption key must be automatically rotated every year.

Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?

A. Move the data to the S3 bucket. Use server-side encryption with Amazon S3 managed encryption keys (SSE-S3). Use the built-in key rotation behavior of SSE-S3 encryption keys.
B. Create an AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) customer managed key. Enable automatic key rotation. Set the S3 bucket’s default encryption behavior to use the customer managed KMS key. Move the data to the S3 bucket.
C. Create an AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) customer managed key. Set the S3 bucket’s default encryption behavior to use the customer managed KMS key. Move the data to the S3 bucket. Manually rotate the KMS key every year.
D. Encrypt the data with customer key material before moving the data to the S3 bucket. Create an AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) key without key material. Import the customer key material into the KMS key. Enable automatic key rotation.
 
# 203
The customers of a finance company request appointments with financial advisors by sending text messages. A web application that runs on Amazon EC2 instances accepts the appointment requests. The text messages are published to an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue through the web application. Another application that runs on EC2 instances then sends meeting invitations and meeting confirmation email messages to the customers. After successful scheduling, this application stores the meeting information in an Amazon DynamoDB database.

As the company expands, customers report that their meeting invitations are taking longer to arrive.

What should a solutions architect recommend to resolve this issue?

A. Add a DynamoDB Accelerator (DAX) cluster in front of the DynamoDB database.

B. Add an Amazon API Gateway API in front of the web application that accepts the appointment requests.

C. Add an Amazon CloudFront distribution. Set the origin as the web application that accepts the appointment requests.

D. Add an Auto Scaling group for the application that sends meeting invitations. Configure the Auto Scaling group to scale based on the depth of the SQS queue. 

# 204
An online retail company has more than 50 million active customers and receives more than 25,000 orders each day. The company collects purchase data for customers and stores this data in Amazon S3. Additional customer data is stored in Amazon RDS.

The company wants to make all the data available to various teams so that the teams can perform analytics. The solution must provide the ability to manage fine-grained permissions for the data and must minimize operational overhead.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Migrate the purchase data to write directly to Amazon RDS. Use RDS access controls to limit access.

B. Schedule an AWS Lambda function to periodically copy data from Amazon RDS to Amazon S3. Create an AWS Glue crawler. Use Amazon Athena to query the data. Use S3 policies to limit access.

C. Create a data lake by using AWS Lake Formation. Create an AWS Glue JDBC connection to Amazon RDS. Register the S3 bucket in Lake Formation. Use Lake Formation access controls to limit access.

D. Create an Amazon Redshift cluster. Schedule an AWS Lambda function to periodically copy data from Amazon S3 and Amazon RDS to Amazon Redshift. Use Amazon Redshift access controls to limit access.
 
# 205
A company hosts a marketing website in an on-premises data center. The website consists of static documents and runs on a single server. An administrator updates the website content infrequently and uses an SFTP client to upload new documents.

The company decides to host its website on AWS and to use Amazon CloudFront. The company’s solutions architect creates a CloudFront distribution. The solutions architect must design the most cost-effective and resilient architecture for website hosting to serve as the CloudFront origin.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Create a virtual server by using Amazon Lightsail. Configure the web server in the Lightsail instance. Upload website content by using an SFTP client.

B. Create an AWS Auto Scaling group for Amazon EC2 instances. Use an Application Load Balancer. Upload website content by using an SFTP client.

C. Create a private Amazon S3 bucket. Use an S3 bucket policy to allow access from a CloudFront origin access identity (OAI). Upload website content by using the AWS CLI.

D. Create a public Amazon S3 bucket. Configure AWS Transfer for SFTP. Configure the S3 bucket for website hosting. Upload website content by using the SFTP client.
 
# 206
A company wants to manage Amazon Machine Images (AMIs). The company currently copies AMIs to the same AWS Region where the AMIs were created. The company needs to design an application that captures AWS API calls and sends alerts whenever the Amazon EC2 CreateImage API operation is called within the company’s account.

Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?

A. Create an AWS Lambda function to query AWS CloudTrail logs and to send an alert when a CreateImage API call is detected.
B. Configure AWS CloudTrail with an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) notification that occurs when updated logs are sent to Amazon S3. Use Amazon Athena to create a new table and to query on CreateImage when an API call is detected.
C. Create an Amazon EventBridge (Amazon CloudWatch Events) rule for the CreateImage API call. Configure the target as an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic to send an alert when a CreateImage API call is detected.
D. Configure an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) FIFO queue as a target for AWS CloudTrail logs. Create an AWS Lambda function to send an alert to an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic when a CreateImage API call is detected.
 
# 207
A company owns an asynchronous API that is used to ingest user requests and, based on the request type, dispatch requests to the appropriate microservice for processing. The company is using Amazon API Gateway to deploy the API front end, and an AWS Lambda function that invokes Amazon DynamoDB to store user requests before dispatching them to the processing microservices.

The company provisioned as much DynamoDB throughput as its budget allows, but the company is still experiencing availability issues and is losing user requests.

What should a solutions architect do to address this issue without impacting existing users?

A. Add throttling on the API Gateway with server-side throttling limits.
B. Use DynamoDB Accelerator (DAX) and Lambda to buffer writes to DynamoDB.
C. Create a secondary index in DynamoDB for the table with the user requests.
D. Use the Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue and Lambda to buffer writes to DynamoDB. 

# 208
A company needs to move data from an Amazon EC2 instance to an Amazon S3 bucket. The company must ensure that no API calls and no data are routed through public internet routes. Only the EC2 instance can have access to upload data to the S3 bucket.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Create an interface VPC endpoint for Amazon S3 in the subnet where the EC2 instance is located. Attach a resource policy to the S3 bucket to only allow the EC2 instance’s IAM role for access.
B. Create a gateway VPC endpoint for Amazon S3 in the Availability Zone where the EC2 instance is located. Attach appropriate security groups to the endpoint. Attach a resource policy to the S3 bucket to only allow the EC2 instance’s IAM role for access.
C. Run the nslookup tool from inside the EC2 instance to obtain the private IP address of the S3 bucket’s service API endpoint. Create a route in the VPC route table to provide the EC2 instance with access to the S3 bucket. Attach a resource policy to the S3 bucket to only allow the EC2 instance’s IAM role for access.
D. Use the AWS provided, publicly available ip-ranges.json file to obtain the private IP address of the S3 bucket’s service API endpoint. Create a route in the VPC route table to provide the EC2 instance with access to the S3 bucket. Attach a resource policy to the S3 bucket to only allow the EC2 instance’s IAM role for access.
 
# 209
A solutions architect is designing the architecture of a new application being deployed to the AWS Cloud. The application will run on Amazon EC2 On-Demand Instances and will automatically scale across multiple Availability Zones. The EC2 instances will scale up and down frequently throughout the day. An Application Load Balancer (ALB) will handle the load distribution. The architecture needs to support distributed session data management. The company is willing to make changes to code if needed.

What should the solutions architect do to ensure that the architecture supports distributed session data management?

A. Use Amazon ElastiCache to manage and store session data.
B. Use session affinity (sticky sessions) of the ALB to manage session data.
C. Use Session Manager from AWS Systems Manager to manage the session.
D. Use the GetSessionToken API operation in AWS Security Token Service (AWS STS) to manage the session.
 
# 210
A company offers a food delivery service that is growing rapidly. Because of the growth, the company’s order processing system is experiencing scaling problems during peak traffic hours. The current architecture includes the following:

• A group of Amazon EC2 instances that run in an Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling group to collect orders from the application
• Another group of EC2 instances that run in an Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling group to fulfill orders

The order collection process occurs quickly, but the order fulfillment process can take longer. Data must not be lost because of a scaling event.

A solutions architect must ensure that the order collection process and the order fulfillment process can both scale properly during peak traffic hours. The solution must optimize utilization of the company’s AWS resources.

Which solution meets these requirements?

A. Use Amazon CloudWatch metrics to monitor the CPU of each instance in the Auto Scaling groups. Configure each Auto Scaling group’s minimum capacity according to peak workload values.
B. Use Amazon CloudWatch metrics to monitor the CPU of each instance in the Auto Scaling groups. Configure a CloudWatch alarm to invoke an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic that creates additional Auto Scaling groups on demand.
C. Provision two Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queues: one for order collection and another for order fulfillment. Configure the EC2 instances to poll their respective queue. Scale the Auto Scaling groups based on notifications that the queues send.
D. Provision two Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queues: one for order collection and another for order fulfillment. Configure the EC2 instances to poll their respective queue. Create a metric based on a backlog per instance calculation. Scale the Auto Scaling groups based on this metric. 


201. B
202. B
203. D
204. C
205. C
206. C
207. D
208. B
209. A
210. D

# 211
A company hosts multiple production applications. One of the applications consists of resources from Amazon EC2, AWS Lambda, Amazon RDS, Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS), and Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) across multiple AWS Regions. All company resources are tagged with a tag name of “application” and a value that corresponds to each application. A solutions architect must provide the quickest solution for identifying all of the tagged components.

Which solution meets these requirements?

A. Use AWS CloudTrail to generate a list of resources with the application tag.
B. Use the AWS CLI to query each service across all Regions to report the tagged components.
C. Run a query in Amazon CloudWatch Logs Insights to report on the components with the application tag.
D. Run a query with the AWS Resource Groups Tag Editor to report on the resources globally with the application tag. 

# 212
A company needs to export its database once a day to Amazon S3 for other teams to access. The exported object size varies between 2 GB and 5 GB. The S3 access pattern for the data is variable and changes rapidly. The data must be immediately available and must remain accessible for up to 3 months. The company needs the most cost-effective solution that will not increase retrieval time.

Which S3 storage class should the company use to meet these requirements?

A. S3 Intelligent-Tiering
B. S3 Glacier Instant Retrieval
C. S3 Standard
D. S3 Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA)
 
# 213
A company is developing a new mobile app. The company must implement proper traffic filtering to protect its Application Load Balancer (ALB) against common application-level attacks, such as cross-site scripting or SQL injection. The company has minimal infrastructure and operational staff. The company needs to reduce its share of the responsibility in managing, updating, and securing servers for its AWS environment.

What should a solutions architect recommend to meet these requirements?

A. Configure AWS WAF rules and associate them with the ALB.
B. Deploy the application using Amazon S3 with public hosting enabled.
C. Deploy AWS Shield Advanced and add the ALB as a protected resource.
D. Create a new ALB that directs traffic to an Amazon EC2 instance running a third-party firewall, which then passes the traffic to the current ALB.
 
# 214
A company’s reporting system delivers hundreds of .csv files to an Amazon S3 bucket each day. The company must convert these files to Apache Parquet format and must store the files in a transformed data bucket.

Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST development effort?

A. Create an Amazon EMR cluster with Apache Spark installed. Write a Spark application to transform the data. Use EMR File System (EMRFS) to write files to the transformed data bucket.
B. Create an AWS Glue crawler to discover the data. Create an AWS Glue extract, transform, and load (ETL) job to transform the data. Specify the transformed data bucket in the output step.
C. Use AWS Batch to create a job definition with Bash syntax to transform the data and output the data to the transformed data bucket. Use the job definition to submit a job. Specify an array job as the job type.
D. Create an AWS Lambda function to transform the data and output the data to the transformed data bucket. Configure an event notification for the S3 bucket. Specify the Lambda function as the destination for the event notification.
 
# 215
A company has 700 TB of backup data stored in network attached storage (NAS) in its data center. This backup data need to be accessible for infrequent regulatory requests and must be retained 7 years. The company has decided to migrate this backup data from its data center to AWS. The migration must be complete within 1 month. The company has 500 Mbps of dedicated bandwidth on its public internet connection available for data transfer.

What should a solutions architect do to migrate and store the data at the LOWEST cost?

A. Order AWS Snowball devices to transfer the data. Use a lifecycle policy to transition the files to Amazon S3 Glacier Deep Archive.

B. Deploy a VPN connection between the data center and Amazon VPC. Use the AWS CLI to copy the data from on premises to Amazon S3 Glacier.

C. Provision a 500 Mbps AWS Direct Connect connection and transfer the data to Amazon S3. Use a lifecycle policy to transition the files to Amazon S3 Glacier Deep Archive.

D. Use AWS DataSync to transfer the data and deploy a DataSync agent on premises. Use the DataSync task to copy files from the on-premises NAS storage to Amazon S3 Glacier.
 
# 216
A company has a serverless website with millions of objects in an Amazon S3 bucket. The company uses the S3 bucket as the origin for an Amazon CloudFront distribution. The company did not set encryption on the S3 bucket before the objects were loaded. A solutions architect needs to enable encryption for all existing objects and for all objects that are added to the S3 bucket in the future.

Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST amount of effort?

A. Create a new S3 bucket. Turn on the default encryption settings for the new S3 bucket. Download all existing objects to temporary local storage. Upload the objects to the new S3 bucket.
B. Turn on the default encryption settings for the S3 bucket. Use the S3 Inventory feature to create a .csv file that lists the unencrypted objects. Run an S3 Batch Operations job that uses the copy command to encrypt those objects.
C. Create a new encryption key by using AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS). Change the settings on the S3 bucket to use server-side encryption with AWS KMS managed encryption keys (SSE-KMS). Turn on versioning for the S3 bucket.
D. Navigate to Amazon S3 in the AWS Management Console. Browse the S3 bucket’s objects. Sort by the encryption field. Select each unencrypted object. Use the Modify button to apply default encryption settings to every unencrypted object in the S3 bucket.
 
# 217
A company runs a global web application on Amazon EC2 instances behind an Application Load Balancer. The application stores data in Amazon Aurora. The company needs to create a disaster recovery solution and can tolerate up to 30 minutes of downtime and potential data loss. The solution does not need to handle the load when the primary infrastructure is healthy.

What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements?

A. Deploy the application with the required infrastructure elements in place. Use Amazon Route 53 to configure active-passive failover. Create an Aurora Replica in a second AWS Region.

B. Host a scaled-down deployment of the application in a second AWS Region. Use Amazon Route 53 to configure active-active failover. Create an Aurora Replica in the second Region.

C. Replicate the primary infrastructure in a second AWS Region. Use Amazon Route 53 to configure active-active failover. Create an Aurora database that is restored from the latest snapshot.

D. Back up data with AWS Backup. Use the backup to create the required infrastructure in a second AWS Region. Use Amazon Route 53 to configure active-passive failover. Create an Aurora second primary instance in the second Region.
 
# 218
A company has a web server running on an Amazon EC2 instance in a public subnet with an Elastic IP address. The default security group is assigned to the EC2 instance. The default network ACL has been modified to block all traffic. A solutions architect needs to make the web server accessible from everywhere on port 443.

Which combination of steps will accomplish this task? (Choose two.)

A. Create a security group with a rule to allow TCP port 443 from source 0.0.0.0/0.
B. Create a security group with a rule to allow TCP port 443 to destination 0.0.0.0/0.
C. Update the network ACL to allow TCP port 443 from source 0.0.0.0/0.
D. Update the network ACL to allow inbound/outbound TCP port 443 from source 0.0.0.0/0 and to destination 0.0.0.0/0.
E. Update the network ACL to allow inbound TCP port 443 from source 0.0.0.0/0 and outbound TCP port 32768-65535 to destination 0.0.0.0/0. 

# 219
A company’s application is having performance issues. The application is stateful and needs to complete in-memory tasks on Amazon EC2 instances. The company used AWS CloudFormation to deploy infrastructure and used the M5 EC2 instance family. As traffic increased, the application performance degraded. Users are reporting delays when the users attempt to access the application.

Which solution will resolve these issues in the MOST operationally efficient way?

A. Replace the EC2 instances with T3 EC2 instances that run in an Auto Scaling group. Make the changes by using the AWS Management Console.
B. Modify the CloudFormation templates to run the EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group. Increase the desired capacity and the maximum capacity of the Auto Scaling group manually when an increase is necessary.
C. Modify the CloudFormation templates. Replace the EC2 instances with R5 EC2 instances. Use Amazon CloudWatch built-in EC2 memory metrics to track the application performance for future capacity planning.
D. Modify the CloudFormation templates. Replace the EC2 instances with R5 EC2 instances. Deploy the Amazon CloudWatch agent on the EC2 instances to generate custom application latency metrics for future capacity planning. 

# 220
A solutions architect is designing a new API using Amazon API Gateway that will receive requests from users. The volume of requests is highly variable; several hours can pass without receiving a single request. The data processing will take place asynchronously, but should be completed within a few seconds after a request is made.

Which compute service should the solutions architect have the API invoke to deliver the requirements at the lowest cost?

A. An AWS Glue job
B. An AWS Lambda function
C. A containerized service hosted in Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS)
D. A containerized service hosted in Amazon ECS with Amazon EC2
 
211. D
212. A
213. A
214. B
215. A
216. B
217. A
218. A, E
219. D
220. B