# 21
An ecommerce company wants to launch a one-deal-a-day website on AWS. Each day will feature exactly one product on sale for a period of 24 hours. The company wants to be able to handle millions of requests each hour with millisecond latency during peak hours.
Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?

A. Use Amazon S3 to host the full website in different S3 buckets. Add Amazon CloudFront distributions. Set the S3 buckets as origins for the distributions. Store the order data in Amazon S3.
B. Deploy the full website on Amazon EC2 instances that run in Auto Scaling groups across multiple Availability Zones. Add an Application Load Balancer (ALB) to distribute the website traffic. Add another ALB for the backend APIs. Store the data in Amazon RDS for MySQL.
C. Migrate the full application to run in containers. Host the containers on Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS). Use the Kubernetes Cluster Autoscaler to increase and decrease the number of pods to process bursts in traffic. Store the data in Amazon RDS for MySQL.
D. Use an Amazon S3 bucket to host the website's static content. Deploy an Amazon CloudFront distribution. Set the S3 bucket as the origin. Use Amazon API Gateway and AWS Lambda functions for the backend APIs. Store the data in Amazon DynamoDB. 

# 22
A solutions architect is using Amazon S3 to design the storage architecture of a new digital media application. The media files must be resilient to the loss of an Availability Zone. Some files are accessed frequently while other files are rarely accessed in an unpredictable pattern. The solutions architect must minimize the costs of storing and retrieving the media files.
Which storage option meets these requirements?

A. S3 Standard
B. S3 Intelligent-Tiering
C. S3 Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA)
D. S3 One Zone-Infrequent Access (S3 One Zone-IA)
 
# 23
A company is storing backup files by using Amazon S3 Standard storage. The files are accessed frequently for 1 month. However, the files are not accessed after 1 month. The company must keep the files indefinitely.
Which storage solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?

A. Configure S3 Intelligent-Tiering to automatically migrate objects.
B. Create an S3 Lifecycle configuration to transition objects from S3 Standard to S3 Glacier Deep Archive after 1 month.
C. Create an S3 Lifecycle configuration to transition objects from S3 Standard to S3 Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA) after 1 month.
D. Create an S3 Lifecycle configuration to transition objects from S3 Standard to S3 One Zone-Infrequent Access (S3 One Zone-IA) after 1 month.
 
# 24
A company observes an increase in Amazon EC2 costs in its most recent bill. The billing team notices unwanted vertical scaling of instance types for a couple of EC2 instances. A solutions architect needs to create a graph comparing the last 2 months of EC2 costs and perform an in-depth analysis to identify the root cause of the vertical scaling.
How should the solutions architect generate the information with the LEAST operational overhead?

A. Use AWS Budgets to create a budget report and compare EC2 costs based on instance types.
B. Use Cost Explorer's granular filtering feature to perform an in-depth analysis of EC2 costs based on instance types.
C. Use graphs from the AWS Billing and Cost Management dashboard to compare EC2 costs based on instance types for the last 2 months.
D. Use AWS Cost and Usage Reports to create a report and send it to an Amazon S3 bucket. Use Amazon QuickSight with Amazon S3 as a source to generate an interactive graph based on instance types.
 
# 25
A company is designing an application. The application uses an AWS Lambda function to receive information through Amazon API Gateway and to store the information in an Amazon Aurora PostgreSQL database.
During the proof-of-concept stage, the company has to increase the Lambda quotas significantly to handle the high volumes of data that the company needs to load into the database. A solutions architect must recommend a new design to improve scalability and minimize the configuration effort.
Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Refactor the Lambda function code to Apache Tomcat code that runs on Amazon EC2 instances. Connect the database by using native Java Database Connectivity (JDBC) drivers.
B. Change the platform from Aurora to Amazon DynamoDProvision a DynamoDB Accelerator (DAX) cluster. Use the DAX client SDK to point the existing DynamoDB API calls at the DAX cluster.
C. Set up two Lambda functions. Configure one function to receive the information. Configure the other function to load the information into the database. Integrate the Lambda functions by using Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS).
D. Set up two Lambda functions. Configure one function to receive the information. Configure the other function to load the information into the database. Integrate the Lambda functions by using an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue. 

# 26
A company needs to review its AWS Cloud deployment to ensure that its Amazon S3 buckets do not have unauthorized configuration changes.
What should a solutions architect do to accomplish this goal?

A. Turn on AWS Config with the appropriate rules.
B. Turn on AWS Trusted Advisor with the appropriate checks.
C. Turn on Amazon Inspector with the appropriate assessment template.
D. Turn on Amazon S3 server access logging. Configure Amazon EventBridge (Amazon Cloud Watch Events).
 
# 27
A company is launching a new application and will display application metrics on an Amazon CloudWatch dashboard. The company's product manager needs to access this dashboard periodically. The product manager does not have an AWS account. A solutions architect must provide access to the product manager by following the principle of least privilege.
Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Share the dashboard from the CloudWatch console. Enter the product manager's email address, and complete the sharing steps. Provide a shareable link for the dashboard to the product manager.
B. Create an IAM user specifically for the product manager. Attach the CloudWatchReadOnlyAccess AWS managed policy to the user. Share the new login credentials with the product manager. Share the browser URL of the correct dashboard with the product manager.
C. Create an IAM user for the company's employees. Attach the ViewOnlyAccess AWS managed policy to the IAM user. Share the new login credentials with the product manager. Ask the product manager to navigate to the CloudWatch console and locate the dashboard by name in the Dashboards section.
D. Deploy a bastion server in a public subnet. When the product manager requires access to the dashboard, start the server and share the RDP credentials. On the bastion server, ensure that the browser is configured to open the dashboard URL with cached AWS credentials that have appropriate permissions to view the dashboard.
 
# 28
A company is migrating applications to AWS. The applications are deployed in different accounts. The company manages the accounts centrally by using AWS Organizations. The company's security team needs a single sign-on (SSO) solution across all the company's accounts. The company must continue managing the users and groups in its on-premises self-managed Microsoft Active Directory.
Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Enable AWS Single Sign-On (AWS SSO) from the AWS SSO console. Create a one-way forest trust or a one-way domain trust to connect the company's self-managed Microsoft Active Directory with AWS SSO by using AWS Directory Service for Microsoft Active Directory.
B. Enable AWS Single Sign-On (AWS SSO) from the AWS SSO console. Create a two-way forest trust to connect the company's self-managed Microsoft Active Directory with AWS SSO by using AWS Directory Service for Microsoft Active Directory.
C. Use AWS Directory Service. Create a two-way trust relationship with the company's self-managed Microsoft Active Directory.
D. Deploy an identity provider (IdP) on premises. Enable AWS Single Sign-On (AWS SSO) from the AWS SSO console.
 
# 29
A company provides a Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP) service that uses UDP connections. The service consists of Amazon EC2 instances that run in an Auto Scaling group. The company has deployments across multiple AWS Regions.
The company needs to route users to the Region with the lowest latency. The company also needs automated failover between Regions.
Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Deploy a Network Load Balancer (NLB) and an associated target group. Associate the target group with the Auto Scaling group. Use the NLB as an AWS Global Accelerator endpoint in each Region.
B. Deploy an Application Load Balancer (ALB) and an associated target group. Associate the target group with the Auto Scaling group. Use the ALB as an AWS Global Accelerator endpoint in each Region.
C. Deploy a Network Load Balancer (NLB) and an associated target group. Associate the target group with the Auto Scaling group. Create an Amazon Route 53 latency record that points to aliases for each NLB. Create an Amazon CloudFront distribution that uses the latency record as an origin.
D. Deploy an Application Load Balancer (ALB) and an associated target group. Associate the target group with the Auto Scaling group. Create an Amazon Route 53 weighted record that points to aliases for each ALB. Deploy an Amazon CloudFront distribution that uses the weighted record as an origin.
 
# 30
A development team runs monthly resource-intensive tests on its general purpose Amazon RDS for MySQL DB instance with Performance Insights enabled. The testing lasts for 48 hours once a month and is the only process that uses the database. The team wants to reduce the cost of running the tests without reducing the compute and memory attributes of the DB instance.
Which solution meets these requirements MOST cost-effectively?

A. Stop the DB instance when tests are completed. Restart the DB instance when required.
B. Use an Auto Scaling policy with the DB instance to automatically scale when tests are completed.
C. Create a snapshot when tests are completed. Terminate the DB instance and restore the snapshot when required.
D. Modify the DB instance to a low-capacity instance when tests are completed. Modify the DB instance again when required.
 
