# 211
A company hosts multiple production applications. One of the applications consists of resources from Amazon EC2, AWS Lambda, Amazon RDS, Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS), and Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) across multiple AWS Regions. All company resources are tagged with a tag name of “application” and a value that corresponds to each application. A solutions architect must provide the quickest solution for identifying all of the tagged components.

Which solution meets these requirements?

A. Use AWS CloudTrail to generate a list of resources with the application tag.
B. Use the AWS CLI to query each service across all Regions to report the tagged components.
C. Run a query in Amazon CloudWatch Logs Insights to report on the components with the application tag.
D. Run a query with the AWS Resource Groups Tag Editor to report on the resources globally with the application tag. 

# 212
A company needs to export its database once a day to Amazon S3 for other teams to access. The exported object size varies between 2 GB and 5 GB. The S3 access pattern for the data is variable and changes rapidly. The data must be immediately available and must remain accessible for up to 3 months. The company needs the most cost-effective solution that will not increase retrieval time.

Which S3 storage class should the company use to meet these requirements?

A. S3 Intelligent-Tiering
B. S3 Glacier Instant Retrieval
C. S3 Standard
D. S3 Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA)
 
# 213
A company is developing a new mobile app. The company must implement proper traffic filtering to protect its Application Load Balancer (ALB) against common application-level attacks, such as cross-site scripting or SQL injection. The company has minimal infrastructure and operational staff. The company needs to reduce its share of the responsibility in managing, updating, and securing servers for its AWS environment.

What should a solutions architect recommend to meet these requirements?

A. Configure AWS WAF rules and associate them with the ALB.
B. Deploy the application using Amazon S3 with public hosting enabled.
C. Deploy AWS Shield Advanced and add the ALB as a protected resource.
D. Create a new ALB that directs traffic to an Amazon EC2 instance running a third-party firewall, which then passes the traffic to the current ALB.
 
# 214
A company’s reporting system delivers hundreds of .csv files to an Amazon S3 bucket each day. The company must convert these files to Apache Parquet format and must store the files in a transformed data bucket.

Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST development effort?

A. Create an Amazon EMR cluster with Apache Spark installed. Write a Spark application to transform the data. Use EMR File System (EMRFS) to write files to the transformed data bucket.
B. Create an AWS Glue crawler to discover the data. Create an AWS Glue extract, transform, and load (ETL) job to transform the data. Specify the transformed data bucket in the output step.
C. Use AWS Batch to create a job definition with Bash syntax to transform the data and output the data to the transformed data bucket. Use the job definition to submit a job. Specify an array job as the job type.
D. Create an AWS Lambda function to transform the data and output the data to the transformed data bucket. Configure an event notification for the S3 bucket. Specify the Lambda function as the destination for the event notification.
 
# 215
A company has 700 TB of backup data stored in network attached storage (NAS) in its data center. This backup data need to be accessible for infrequent regulatory requests and must be retained 7 years. The company has decided to migrate this backup data from its data center to AWS. The migration must be complete within 1 month. The company has 500 Mbps of dedicated bandwidth on its public internet connection available for data transfer.

What should a solutions architect do to migrate and store the data at the LOWEST cost?

A. Order AWS Snowball devices to transfer the data. Use a lifecycle policy to transition the files to Amazon S3 Glacier Deep Archive.
B. Deploy a VPN connection between the data center and Amazon VPC. Use the AWS CLI to copy the data from on premises to Amazon S3 Glacier.
C. Provision a 500 Mbps AWS Direct Connect connection and transfer the data to Amazon S3. Use a lifecycle policy to transition the files to Amazon S3 Glacier Deep Archive.
D. Use AWS DataSync to transfer the data and deploy a DataSync agent on premises. Use the DataSync task to copy files from the on-premises NAS storage to Amazon S3 Glacier.
 
# 216
A company has a serverless website with millions of objects in an Amazon S3 bucket. The company uses the S3 bucket as the origin for an Amazon CloudFront distribution. The company did not set encryption on the S3 bucket before the objects were loaded. A solutions architect needs to enable encryption for all existing objects and for all objects that are added to the S3 bucket in the future.

Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST amount of effort?

A. Create a new S3 bucket. Turn on the default encryption settings for the new S3 bucket. Download all existing objects to temporary local storage. Upload the objects to the new S3 bucket.
B. Turn on the default encryption settings for the S3 bucket. Use the S3 Inventory feature to create a .csv file that lists the unencrypted objects. Run an S3 Batch Operations job that uses the copy command to encrypt those objects.
C. Create a new encryption key by using AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS). Change the settings on the S3 bucket to use server-side encryption with AWS KMS managed encryption keys (SSE-KMS). Turn on versioning for the S3 bucket.
D. Navigate to Amazon S3 in the AWS Management Console. Browse the S3 bucket’s objects. Sort by the encryption field. Select each unencrypted object. Use the Modify button to apply default encryption settings to every unencrypted object in the S3 bucket.
 
# 217
A company runs a global web application on Amazon EC2 instances behind an Application Load Balancer. The application stores data in Amazon Aurora. The company needs to create a disaster recovery solution and can tolerate up to 30 minutes of downtime and potential data loss. The solution does not need to handle the load when the primary infrastructure is healthy.

What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements?

A. Deploy the application with the required infrastructure elements in place. Use Amazon Route 53 to configure active-passive failover. Create an Aurora Replica in a second AWS Region.
B. Host a scaled-down deployment of the application in a second AWS Region. Use Amazon Route 53 to configure active-active failover. Create an Aurora Replica in the second Region.
C. Replicate the primary infrastructure in a second AWS Region. Use Amazon Route 53 to configure active-active failover. Create an Aurora database that is restored from the latest snapshot.
D. Back up data with AWS Backup. Use the backup to create the required infrastructure in a second AWS Region. Use Amazon Route 53 to configure active-passive failover. Create an Aurora second primary instance in the second Region.
 
# 218
A company has a web server running on an Amazon EC2 instance in a public subnet with an Elastic IP address. The default security group is assigned to the EC2 instance. The default network ACL has been modified to block all traffic. A solutions architect needs to make the web server accessible from everywhere on port 443.

Which combination of steps will accomplish this task? (Choose two.)

A. Create a security group with a rule to allow TCP port 443 from source 0.0.0.0/0.
B. Create a security group with a rule to allow TCP port 443 to destination 0.0.0.0/0.
C. Update the network ACL to allow TCP port 443 from source 0.0.0.0/0.
D. Update the network ACL to allow inbound/outbound TCP port 443 from source 0.0.0.0/0 and to destination 0.0.0.0/0.
E. Update the network ACL to allow inbound TCP port 443 from source 0.0.0.0/0 and outbound TCP port 32768-65535 to destination 0.0.0.0/0. 

# 219
A company’s application is having performance issues. The application is stateful and needs to complete in-memory tasks on Amazon EC2 instances. The company used AWS CloudFormation to deploy infrastructure and used the M5 EC2 instance family. As traffic increased, the application performance degraded. Users are reporting delays when the users attempt to access the application.

Which solution will resolve these issues in the MOST operationally efficient way?

A. Replace the EC2 instances with T3 EC2 instances that run in an Auto Scaling group. Make the changes by using the AWS Management Console.
B. Modify the CloudFormation templates to run the EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group. Increase the desired capacity and the maximum capacity of the Auto Scaling group manually when an increase is necessary.
C. Modify the CloudFormation templates. Replace the EC2 instances with R5 EC2 instances. Use Amazon CloudWatch built-in EC2 memory metrics to track the application performance for future capacity planning.
D. Modify the CloudFormation templates. Replace the EC2 instances with R5 EC2 instances. Deploy the Amazon CloudWatch agent on the EC2 instances to generate custom application latency metrics for future capacity planning. 

# 220
A solutions architect is designing a new API using Amazon API Gateway that will receive requests from users. The volume of requests is highly variable; several hours can pass without receiving a single request. The data processing will take place asynchronously, but should be completed within a few seconds after a request is made.

Which compute service should the solutions architect have the API invoke to deliver the requirements at the lowest cost?

A. An AWS Glue job
B. An AWS Lambda function
C. A containerized service hosted in Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS)
D. A containerized service hosted in Amazon ECS with Amazon EC2
 
211. D
212. A
213. A
214. B
215. A
216. B
217. A
218. A, E
219. D
220. B