# 221
A company runs an application on a group of Amazon Linux EC2 instances. For compliance reasons, the company must retain all application log files for 7 years. The log files will be analyzed by a reporting tool that must be able to access all the files concurrently.

Which storage solution meets these requirements MOST cost-effectively?

A. Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS)
B. Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS)
C. Amazon EC2 instance store
D. Amazon S3 

# 222
A company has hired an external vendor to perform work in the company’s AWS account. The vendor uses an automated tool that is hosted in an AWS account that the vendor owns. The vendor does not have IAM access to the company’s AWS account.

How should a solutions architect grant this access to the vendor?

A. Create an IAM role in the company’s account to delegate access to the vendor’s IAM role. Attach the appropriate IAM policies to the role for the permissions that the vendor requires.
B. Create an IAM user in the company’s account with a password that meets the password complexity requirements. Attach the appropriate IAM policies to the user for the permissions that the vendor requires.
C. Create an IAM group in the company’s account. Add the tool’s IAM user from the vendor account to the group. Attach the appropriate IAM policies to the group for the permissions that the vendor requires.
D. Create a new identity provider by choosing “AWS account” as the provider type in the IAM console. Supply the vendor’s AWS account ID and user name. Attach the appropriate IAM policies to the new provider for the permissions that the vendor requires.
 
# 223
A company has deployed a Java Spring Boot application as a pod that runs on Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS) in private subnets. The application needs to write data to an Amazon DynamoDB table. A solutions architect must ensure that the application can interact with the DynamoDB table without exposing traffic to the internet.

Which combination of steps should the solutions architect take to accomplish this goal? (Choose two.)

A. Attach an IAM role that has sufficient privileges to the EKS pod.
B. Attach an IAM user that has sufficient privileges to the EKS pod.
C. Allow outbound connectivity to the DynamoDB table through the private subnets’ network ACLs.
D. Create a VPC endpoint for DynamoDB.
E. Embed the access keys in the Java Spring Boot code.
 
# 224
A company recently migrated its web application to AWS by rehosting the application on Amazon EC2 instances in a single AWS Region. The company wants to redesign its application architecture to be highly available and fault tolerant. Traffic must reach all running EC2 instances randomly.

Which combination of steps should the company take to meet these requirements? (Choose two.)

A. Create an Amazon Route 53 failover routing policy.
B. Create an Amazon Route 53 weighted routing policy.
C. Create an Amazon Route 53 multivalue answer routing policy.
D. Launch three EC2 instances: two instances in one Availability Zone and one instance in another Availability Zone.
E. Launch four EC2 instances: two instances in one Availability Zone and two instances in another Availability Zone. 

# 225
A media company collects and analyzes user activity data on premises. The company wants to migrate this capability to AWS. The user activity data store will continue to grow and will be petabytes in size. The company needs to build a highly available data ingestion solution that facilitates on-demand analytics of existing data and new data with SQL.

Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?

A. Send activity data to an Amazon Kinesis data stream. Configure the stream to deliver the data to an Amazon S3 bucket.
B. Send activity data to an Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose delivery stream. Configure the stream to deliver the data to an Amazon Redshift cluster.
C. Place activity data in an Amazon S3 bucket. Configure Amazon S3 to run an AWS Lambda function on the data as the data arrives in the S3 bucket.
D. Create an ingestion service on Amazon EC2 instances that are spread across multiple Availability Zones. Configure the service to forward data to an Amazon RDS Multi-AZ database.
 
# 226
A company collects data from thousands of remote devices by using a RESTful web services application that runs on an Amazon EC2 instance. The EC2 instance receives the raw data, transforms the raw data, and stores all the data in an Amazon S3 bucket. The number of remote devices will increase into the millions soon. The company needs a highly scalable solution that minimizes operational overhead.

Which combination of steps should a solutions architect take to meet these requirements? (Choose two.)

A. Use AWS Glue to process the raw data in Amazon S3.
B. Use Amazon Route 53 to route traffic to different EC2 instances.
C. Add more EC2 instances to accommodate the increasing amount of incoming data.
D. Send the raw data to Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS). Use EC2 instances to process the data.
E. Use Amazon API Gateway to send the raw data to an Amazon Kinesis data stream. Configure Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose to use the data stream as a source to deliver the data to Amazon S3. 

# 227
A company needs to retain its AWS CloudTrail logs for 3 years. The company is enforcing CloudTrail across a set of AWS accounts by using AWS Organizations from the parent account. The CloudTrail target S3 bucket is configured with S3 Versioning enabled. An S3 Lifecycle policy is in place to delete current objects after 3 years.

After the fourth year of use of the S3 bucket, the S3 bucket metrics show that the number of objects has continued to rise. However, the number of new CloudTrail logs that are delivered to the S3 bucket has remained consistent.

Which solution will delete objects that are older than 3 years in the MOST cost-effective manner?

A. Configure the organization’s centralized CloudTrail trail to expire objects after 3 years.
B. Configure the S3 Lifecycle policy to delete previous versions as well as current versions.
C. Create an AWS Lambda function to enumerate and delete objects from Amazon S3 that are older than 3 years.
D. Configure the parent account as the owner of all objects that are delivered to the S3 bucket.
 
# 228
A company has an API that receives real-time data from a fleet of monitoring devices. The API stores this data in an Amazon RDS DB instance for later analysis. The amount of data that the monitoring devices send to the API fluctuates. During periods of heavy traffic, the API often returns timeout errors.

After an inspection of the logs, the company determines that the database is not capable of processing the volume of write traffic that comes from the API. A solutions architect must minimize the number of connections to the database and must ensure that data is not lost during periods of heavy traffic.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Increase the size of the DB instance to an instance type that has more available memory.
B. Modify the DB instance to be a Multi-AZ DB instance. Configure the application to write to all active RDS DB instances.
C. Modify the API to write incoming data to an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue. Use an AWS Lambda function that Amazon SQS invokes to write data from the queue to the database.
D. Modify the API to write incoming data to an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic. Use an AWS Lambda function that Amazon SNS invokes to write data from the topic to the database.
 
# 229
A company manages its own Amazon EC2 instances that run MySQL databases. The company is manually managing replication and scaling as demand increases or decreases. The company needs a new solution that simplifies the process of adding or removing compute capacity to or from its database tier as needed. The solution also must offer improved performance, scaling, and durability with minimal effort from operations.

Which solution meets these requirements?

A. Migrate the databases to Amazon Aurora Serverless for Aurora MySQL.
B. Migrate the databases to Amazon Aurora Serverless for Aurora PostgreSQL.
C. Combine the databases into one larger MySQL database. Run the larger database on larger EC2 instances.
D. Create an EC2 Auto Scaling group for the database tier. Migrate the existing databases to the new environment.
 
# 230
A company is concerned that two NAT instances in use will no longer be able to support the traffic needed for the company’s application. A solutions architect wants to implement a solution that is highly available, fault tolerant, and automatically scalable.

What should the solutions architect recommend?

A. Remove the two NAT instances and replace them with two NAT gateways in the same Availability Zone.
B. Use Auto Scaling groups with Network Load Balancers for the NAT instances in different Availability Zones.
C. Remove the two NAT instances and replace them with two NAT gateways in different Availability Zones.
D. Replace the two NAT instances with Spot Instances in different Availability Zones and deploy a Network Load Balancer.