Question #231Topic 1
An application runs on an Amazon EC2 instance that has an Elastic IP address in VPC A. The application requires access to a database in VPC B. Both VPCs are in the same AWS account.

Which solution will provide the required access MOST securely?

A. Create a DB instance security group that allows all traffic from the public IP address of the application server in VPC A.
B. Configure a VPC peering connection between VPC A and VPC B.
C. Make the DB instance publicly accessible. Assign a public IP address to the DB instance.
D. Launch an EC2 instance with an Elastic IP address into VPC B. Proxy all requests through the new EC2 instance.
 
# 232
A company runs demonstration environments for its customers on Amazon EC2 instances. Each environment is isolated in its own VPC. The company’s operations team needs to be notified when RDP or SSH access to an environment has been established.
A. Configure Amazon CloudWatch Application Insights to create AWS Systems Manager OpsItems when RDP or SSH access is detected.
B. Configure the EC2 instances with an IAM instance profile that has an IAM role with the AmazonSSMManagedInstanceCore policy attached.
C. Publish VPC flow logs to Amazon CloudWatch Logs. Create required metric filters. Create an Amazon CloudWatch metric alarm with a notification action for when the alarm is in the ALARM state.
D. Configure an Amazon EventBridge rule to listen for events of type EC2 Instance State-change Notification. Configure an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic as a target. Subscribe the operations team to the topic.
 
# 233
A solutions architect has created a new AWS account and must secure AWS account root user access.

Which combination of actions will accomplish this? (Choose two.)

A. Ensure the root user uses a strong password.
B. Enable multi-factor authentication to the root user.
C. Store root user access keys in an encrypted Amazon S3 bucket.
D. Add the root user to a group containing administrative permissions.
E. Apply the required permissions to the root user with an inline policy document.
 
Question #234Topic 1
A company is building a new web-based customer relationship management application. The application will use several Amazon EC2 instances that are backed by Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volumes behind an Application Load Balancer (ALB). The application will also use an Amazon Aurora database. All data for the application must be encrypted at rest and in transit.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Use AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) certificates on the ALB to encrypt data in transit. Use AWS Certificate Manager (ACM) to encrypt the EBS volumes and Aurora database storage at rest.
B. Use the AWS root account to log in to the AWS Management Console. Upload the company’s encryption certificates. While in the root account, select the option to turn on encryption for all data at rest and in transit for the account.
C. Use AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) to encrypt the EBS volumes and Aurora database storage at rest. Attach an AWS Certificate Manager (ACM) certificate to the ALB to encrypt data in transit.
D. Use BitLocker to encrypt all data at rest. Import the company’s TLS certificate keys to AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) Attach the KMS keys to the ALB to encrypt data in transit.
 
# 235
A company is moving its on-premises Oracle database to Amazon Aurora PostgreSQL. The database has several applications that write to the same tables. The applications need to be migrated one by one with a month in between each migration. Management has expressed concerns that the database has a high number of reads and writes. The data must be kept in sync across both databases throughout the migration.

What should a solutions architect recommend?

A. Use AWS DataSync for the initial migration. Use AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) to create a change data capture (CDC) replication task and a table mapping to select all tables.
B. Use AWS DataSync for the initial migration. Use AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) to create a full load plus change data capture (CDC) replication task and a table mapping to select all tables.
C. Use the AWS Schema Conversion Tool with AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) using a memory optimized replication instance. Create a full load plus change data capture (CDC) replication task and a table mapping to select all tables.
D. Use the AWS Schema Conversion Tool with AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) using a compute optimized replication instance. Create a full load plus change data capture (CDC) replication task and a table mapping to select the largest tables.
 
Question #236Topic 1
A company has a three-tier application for image sharing. The application uses an Amazon EC2 instance for the front-end layer, another EC2 instance for the application layer, and a third EC2 instance for a MySQL database. A solutions architect must design a scalable and highly available solution that requires the least amount of change to the application.

Which solution meets these requirements?

A. Use Amazon S3 to host the front-end layer. Use AWS Lambda functions for the application layer. Move the database to an Amazon DynamoDB table. Use Amazon S3 to store and serve users’ images.
B. Use load-balanced Multi-AZ AWS Elastic Beanstalk environments for the front-end layer and the application layer. Move the database to an Amazon RDS DB instance with multiple read replicas to serve users’ images.
C. Use Amazon S3 to host the front-end layer. Use a fleet of EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group for the application layer. Move the database to a memory optimized instance type to store and serve users’ images.
D. Use load-balanced Multi-AZ AWS Elastic Beanstalk environments for the front-end layer and the application layer. Move the database to an Amazon RDS Multi-AZ DB instance. Use Amazon S3 to store and serve users’ images. 
Question #237Topic 1
An application running on an Amazon EC2 instance in VPC-A needs to access files in another EC2 instance in VPC-B. Both VPCs are in separate AWS accounts. The network administrator needs to design a solution to configure secure access to EC2 instance in VPC-B from VPC-A. The connectivity should not have a single point of failure or bandwidth concerns.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Set up a VPC peering connection between VPC-A and VPC-B.
B. Set up VPC gateway endpoints for the EC2 instance running in VPC-B.
C. Attach a virtual private gateway to VPC-B and set up routing from VPC-A.
D. Create a private virtual interface (VIF) for the EC2 instance running in VPC-B and add appropriate routes from VPC-A.
 
# 238
A company wants to experiment with individual AWS accounts for its engineer team. The company wants to be notified as soon as the Amazon EC2 instance usage for a given month exceeds a specific threshold for each account.

What should a solutions architect do to meet this requirement MOST cost-effectively?

A. Use Cost Explorer to create a daily report of costs by service. Filter the report by EC2 instances. Configure Cost Explorer to send an Amazon Simple Email Service (Amazon SES) notification when a threshold is exceeded.
B. Use Cost Explorer to create a monthly report of costs by service. Filter the report by EC2 instances. Configure Cost Explorer to send an Amazon Simple Email Service (Amazon SES) notification when a threshold is exceeded.
C. Use AWS Budgets to create a cost budget for each account. Set the period to monthly. Set the scope to EC2 instances. Set an alert threshold for the budget. Configure an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic to receive a notification when a threshold is exceeded.
D. Use AWS Cost and Usage Reports to create a report with hourly granularity. Integrate the report data with Amazon Athena. Use Amazon EventBridge to schedule an Athena query. Configure an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic to receive a notification when a threshold is exceeded.
 
Question #239Topic 1
A solutions architect needs to design a new microservice for a company’s application. Clients must be able to call an HTTPS endpoint to reach the microservice. The microservice also must use AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) to authenticate calls. The solutions architect will write the logic for this microservice by using a single AWS Lambda function that is written in Go 1.x.

Which solution will deploy the function in the MOST operationally efficient way?

A. Create an Amazon API Gateway REST API. Configure the method to use the Lambda function. Enable IAM authentication on the API.
B. Create a Lambda function URL for the function. Specify AWS_IAM as the authentication type.
C. Create an Amazon CloudFront distribution. Deploy the function to Lambda@Edge. Integrate IAM authentication logic into the Lambda@Edge function.
D. Create an Amazon CloudFront distribution. Deploy the function to CloudFront Functions. Specify AWS_IAM as the authentication type.
 
Question #240Topic 1
A company previously migrated its data warehouse solution to AWS. The company also has an AWS Direct Connect connection. Corporate office users query the data warehouse using a visualization tool. The average size of a query returned by the data warehouse is 50 MB and each webpage sent by the visualization tool is approximately 500 KB. Result sets returned by the data warehouse are not cached.

Which solution provides the LOWEST data transfer egress cost for the company?

A. Host the visualization tool on premises and query the data warehouse directly over the internet.
B. Host the visualization tool in the same AWS Region as the data warehouse. Access it over the internet.
C. Host the visualization tool on premises and query the data warehouse directly over a Direct Connect connection at a location in the same AWS Region.
D. Host the visualization tool in the same AWS Region as the data warehouse and access it over a Direct Connect connection at a location in the same Region.