# 241
An online learning company is migrating to the AWS Cloud. The company maintains its student records in a PostgreSQL database. The company needs a solution in which its data is available and online across multiple AWS Regions at all times.

Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST amount of operational overhead?

A. Migrate the PostgreSQL database to a PostgreSQL cluster on Amazon EC2 instances.
B. Migrate the PostgreSQL database to an Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL DB instance with the Multi-AZ feature turned on.
C. Migrate the PostgreSQL database to an Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL DB instance. Create a read replica in another Region.
D. Migrate the PostgreSQL database to an Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL DB instance. Set up DB snapshots to be copied to another Region.

https://www.examtopics.com/discussions/amazon/view/95000-exam-aws-certified-solutions-architect-associate-saa-c03/


# 242
A company hosts its web application on AWS using seven Amazon EC2 instances. The company requires that the IP addresses of all healthy EC2 instances be returned in response to DNS queries.

Which policy should be used to meet this requirement?

A. Simple routing policy
B. Latency routing policy
C. Multivalue routing policy
D. Geolocation routing policy

https://www.examtopics.com/discussions/amazon/view/95001-exam-aws-certified-solutions-architect-associate-saa-c03/


# 243
A medical research lab produces data that is related to a new study. The lab wants to make the data available with minimum latency to clinics across the country for their on-premises, file-based applications. The data files are stored in an Amazon S3 bucket that has read-only permissions for each clinic.

What should a solutions architect recommend to meet these requirements?

A. Deploy an AWS Storage Gateway file gateway as a virtual machine (VM) on premises at each clinic
B. Migrate the files to each clinic’s on-premises applications by using AWS DataSync for processing.
C. Deploy an AWS Storage Gateway volume gateway as a virtual machine (VM) on premises at each clinic.
D. Attach an Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) file system to each clinic’s on-premises servers.

https://www.examtopics.com/discussions/amazon/view/95002-exam-aws-certified-solutions-architect-associate-saa-c03/



# 244
A company is using a content management system that runs on a single Amazon EC2 instance. The EC2 instance contains both the web server and the database software. The company must make its website platform highly available and must enable the website to scale to meet user demand. What should a solutions architect recommend to meet these requirements? 

A. Move the database to Amazon RDS, and enable automatic backups. Manually launch another EC2 instance in the same Availability Zone. Configure an Application Load Balancer in the Availability Zone, and set the two instances as targets. 

B. Migrate the database to an Amazon Aurora instance with a read replica in the same Availability Zone as the existing EC2 instance. Manually launch another EC2 instance in the same Availability Zone. Configure an Application Load Balancer, and set the two EC2 instances as targets. 

C. Move the database to Amazon Aurora with a read replica in another Availability Zone. Create an Amazon Machine Image (AMI) from the EC2 instance. Configure an Application Load Balancer in two Availability Zones. Attach an Auto Scaling group that uses the AMI across two Availability Zones. 

D. Move the database to a separate EC2 instance, and schedule backups to Amazon S3. Create an Amazon Machine Image (AMI) from the original EC2 instance. Configure an Application Load Balancer in two Availability Zones. Attach an Auto Scaling group that uses the AMI across two Availability Zones.

https://papasjh.tistory.com/entry/AWS-SAAC03-Examtopics-%EC%8B%A0%EA%B7%9C%EC%B6%94%EA%B0%80-1No210-No245


# 245
A company is launching an application on AWS. The application uses an Application Load Balancer (ALB) to direct traffic to at least two Amazon EC2 instances in a single target group. The instances are in an Auto Scaling group for each environment. The company requires a development environment and a production environment. The production environment will have periods of high traffic.

Which solution will configure the development environment MOST cost-effectively?

A. Reconfigure the target group in the development environment to have only one EC2 instance as a target.
B. Change the ALB balancing algorithm to least outstanding requests.
C. Reduce the size of the EC2 instances in both environments.
D. Reduce the maximum number of EC2 instances in the development environment’s Auto Scaling group.

https://www.examtopics.com/discussions/amazon/view/95337-exam-aws-certified-solutions-architect-associate-saa-c03/


# 246
A company runs a web application on Amazon EC2 instances in multiple Availability Zones. The EC2 instances are in private subnets. A solutions architect implements an internet-facing Application Load Balancer (ALB) and specifies the EC2 instances as the target group. However, the internet traffic is not reaching the EC2 instances.

How should the solutions architect reconfigure the architecture to resolve this issue?

A. Replace the ALB with a Network Load Balancer. Configure a NAT gateway in a public subnet to allow internet traffic.
B. Move the EC2 instances to public subnets. Add a rule to the EC2 instances’ security groups to allow outbound traffic to 0.0.0.0/0.
C. Update the route tables for the EC2 instances’ subnets to send 0.0.0.0/0 traffic through the internet gateway route. Add a rule to the EC2 instances’ security groups to allow outbound traffic to 0.0.0.0/0.
D. Create public subnets in each Availability Zone. Associate the public subnets with the ALB. Update the route tables for the public subnets with a route to the private subnets.

https://www.examtopics.com/discussions/amazon/view/95003-exam-aws-certified-solutions-architect-associate-saa-c03/


# 247
A company has deployed a database in Amazon RDS for MySQL. Due to increased transactions, the database support team is reporting slow reads against the DB instance and recommends adding a read replica.

Which combination of actions should a solutions architect take before implementing this change? (Choose two.)

A. Enable binlog replication on the RDS primary node.
B. Choose a failover priority for the source DB instance.
C. Allow long-running transactions to complete on the source DB instance.
D. Create a global table and specify the AWS Regions where the table will be available.
E. Enable automatic backups on the source instance by setting the backup retention period to a value other than 0.

https://www.examtopics.com/discussions/amazon/view/95004-exam-aws-certified-solutions-architect-associate-saa-c03/


# 248
A company runs analytics software on Amazon EC2 instances. The software accepts job requests from users to process data that has been uploaded to Amazon S3. Users report that some submitted data is not being processed Amazon CloudWatch reveals that the EC2 instances have a consistent CPU utilization at or near 100%. The company wants to improve system performance and scale the system based on user load.

What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements?

A. Create a copy of the instance. Place all instances behind an Application Load Balancer.
B. Create an S3 VPC endpoint for Amazon S3. Update the software to reference the endpoint.
C. Stop the EC2 instances. Modify the instance type to one with a more powerful CPU and more memory. Restart the instances.
D. Route incoming requests to Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS). Configure an EC2 Auto Scaling group based on queue size. Update the software to read from the queue.

https://www.examtopics.com/discussions/amazon/view/95329-exam-aws-certified-solutions-architect-associate-saa-c03/


# 249
A solutions architect is designing a security solution for a company that wants to provide developers with individual AWS accounts through AWS Organizations, while also maintaining standard security controls. Because the individual developers will have AWS account root user-level access to their own accounts, the solutions architect wants to ensure that the mandatory AWS CloudTrail configuration that is applied to new developer accounts is not modified.
Which action meets these requirements?
A. Create an IAM policy that prohibits changes to CloudTrail, and attach it to the root user.
B. Create a new trail in CloudTrail from within the developer accounts with the organization trails option enabled.
C. Create a service control policy (SCP) the prohibits changes to CloudTrail, and attach it the developer accounts.
D. Create a service-linked role for CloudTrail with a policy condition that allows changes only from an Amazon Resource Name (ARN) in the management account.

https://www.examtopics.com/discussions/amazon/view/35845-exam-aws-certified-solutions-architect-associate-saa-c02/


# 250
A company’s security team requests that network traffic be captured in VPC Flow Logs. The logs will be frequently accessed for 90 days and then accessed intermittently.

What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements when configuring the logs?

A. Use Amazon CloudWatch as the target. Set the CloudWatch log group with an expiration of 90 days
B. Use Amazon Kinesis as the target. Configure the Kinesis stream to always retain the logs for 90 days.
C. Use AWS CloudTrail as the target. Configure CloudTrail to save to an Amazon S3 bucket, and enable S3 Intelligent-Tiering.
D. Use Amazon S3 as the target. Enable an S3 Lifecycle policy to transition the logs to S3 Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA) after 90 days.

https://www.examtopics.com/discussions/amazon/view/95007-exam-aws-certified-solutions-architect-associate-saa-c03/