# 251

An Amazon EC2 instance is located in a private subnet in a new VPC. This subnet does not have outbound internet access, but the EC2 instance needs the ability to download monthly security updates from an outside vendor.

What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements?

A. Create an internet gateway, and attach it to the VPC. Configure the private subnet route table to use the internet gateway as the default route.
B. Create a NAT gateway, and place it in a public subnet. Configure the private subnet route table to use the NAT gateway as the default route.
C. Create a NAT instance, and place it in the same subnet where the EC2 instance is located. Configure the private subnet route table to use the NAT instance as the default route. 
D. Create an internet gateway, and attach it to the VPC. Create a NAT instance, and place it in the same subnet where the EC2 instance is located. Configure the private subnet route table to use the internet gateway as the default route.


# 252

A solutions architect needs to design a system to store client case files. The files are core company assets and are important. The number of files will grow over time.

The files must be simultaneously accessible from multiple application servers that run on Amazon EC2 instances. The solution must have built-in redundancy.

Which solution meets these requirements?

A. Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS)
B. Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS)
C. Amazon S3 Glacier Deep Archive
D. AWS Backup


# 253

A solutions architect has created two IAM policies: Policy1 and Policy2. Both policies are attached to an IAM group.

- Policy1
```js
{
  "Version": "2012-10-17",
  "Statement": [
    {
      "Effect": "Allow",
      "Action": [
        "iam:Get*",
        "iam:List*",
        "kms:List*",
        "ec2:*",
        "ds:*",
        "logs:Get*",
        "logs:Describe*"
      ],
      "Resource": "*"
    }
  ]
}
```

- Policy2
```js
{
  "Version": "2012-10-17",
  "Statement": [
    {
      "Effect": "Deny",
      "Action": "ds:Delete*",
      "Resource": "*"
    }
  ]
}
```

A cloud engineer is added as an IAM user to the IAM group. Which action will the cloud engineer be able to perform?

A. Deleting IAM users
B. Deleting directories
C. Deleting Amazon EC2 instances
D. Deleting logs from Amazon CloudWatch Logs


# 254
A company is reviewing a recent migration of a three-tier application to a VPC. The security team discovers that the principle of least privilege is not being applied to Amazon EC2 security group ingress and egress rules between the application tiers.

What should a solutions architect do to correct this issue?

A. Create security group rules using the instance ID as the source or destination.
B. Create security group rules using the security group ID as the source or destination.
C. Create security group rules using the VPC CIDR blocks as the source or destination.
D. Create security group rules using the subnet CIDR blocks as the source or destination.


# 255
A company has an ecommerce checkout workflow that writes an order to a database and calls a service to process the payment. Users are experiencing timeouts during the checkout process. When users resubmit the checkout form, multiple unique orders are created for the same desired transaction.

How should a solutions architect refactor this workflow to prevent the creation of multiple orders?

A. Configure the web application to send an order message to Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose. Set the payment service to retrieve the message from Kinesis Data Firehose and process the order.
B. Create a rule in AWS CloudTrail to invoke an AWS Lambda function based on the logged application path request. Use Lambda to query the database, call the payment service, and pass in the order information.
C. Store the order in the database. Send a message that includes the order number to Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS). Set the payment service to poll Amazon SNS, retrieve the message, and process the order.
D. Store the order in the database. Send a message that includes the order number to an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) FIFO queue. Set the payment service to retrieve the message and process the order. Delete the message from the queue.


# 256

A solutions architect is implementing a document review application using an Amazon S3 bucket for storage. The solution must prevent accidental deletion of the documents and ensure that all versions of the documents are available. Users must be able to download, modify, and upload documents.

Which combination of actions should be taken to meet these requirements? (Choose two.)

A. Enable a read-only bucket ACL.
B. Enable versioning on the bucket.
C. Attach an IAM policy to the bucket.
D. Enable MFA Delete on the bucket.
E. Encrypt the bucket using AWS KMS.

# 257
A company is building a solution that will report Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling events across all the applications in an AWS account. The company needs to use a serverless solution to store the EC2 Auto Scaling status data in Amazon S3. The company then will use the data in Amazon S3 to provide near-real-time updates in a dashboard. The solution must not affect the speed of EC2 instance launches.

How should the company move the data to Amazon S3 to meet these requirements?

A. Use an Amazon CloudWatch metric stream to send the EC2 Auto Scaling status data to Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose. Store the data in Amazon S3.
B. Launch an Amazon EMR cluster to collect the EC2 Auto Scaling status data and send the data to Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose. Store the data in Amazon S3.
C. Create an Amazon EventBridge rule to invoke an AWS Lambda function on a schedule. Configure the Lambda function to send the EC2 Auto Scaling status data directly to Amazon S3.
D. Use a bootstrap script during the launch of an EC2 instance to install Amazon Kinesis Agent. Configure Kinesis Agent to collect the EC2 Auto Scaling status data and send the data to Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose. Store the data in Amazon S3.


# 258
A company has an application that places hundreds of .csv files into an Amazon S3 bucket every hour. The files are 1 GB in size. Each time a file is uploaded, the company needs to convert the file to Apache Parquet format and place the output file into an S3 bucket.

Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?

A. Create an AWS Lambda function to download the .csv files, convert the files to Parquet format, and place the output files in an S3 bucket. Invoke the Lambda function for each S3 PUT event.
B. Create an Apache Spark job to read the .csv files, convert the files to Parquet format, and place the output files in an S3 bucket. Create an AWS Lambda function for each S3 PUT event to invoke the Spark job.
C. Create an AWS Glue table and an AWS Glue crawler for the S3 bucket where the application places the .csv files. Schedule an AWS Lambda function to periodically use Amazon Athena to query the AWS Glue table, convert the query results into Parquet format, and place the output files into an S3 bucket.
D. Create an AWS Glue extract, transform, and load (ETL) job to convert the .csv files to Parquet format and place the output files into an S3 bucket. Create an AWS Lambda function for each S3 PUT event to invoke the ETL job.

# 259

A company is implementing new data retention policies for all databases that run on Amazon RDS DB instances. The company must retain daily backups for a minimum period of 2 years. The backups must be consistent and restorable.

Which solution should a solutions architect recommend to meet these requirements?

A. Create a backup vault in AWS Backup to retain RDS backups. Create a new backup plan with a daily schedule and an expiration period of 2 years after creation. Assign the RDS DB instances to the backup plan.

B. Configure a backup window for the RDS DB instances for daily snapshots. Assign a snapshot retention policy of 2 years to each RDS DB instance. Use Amazon Data Lifecycle Manager (Amazon DLM) to schedule snapshot deletions.

C. Configure database transaction logs to be automatically backed up to Amazon CloudWatch Logs with an expiration period of 2 years.

D. Configure an AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) replication task. Deploy a replication instance, and configure a change data capture (CDC) task to stream database changes to Amazon S3 as the target. Set Amazon S3 Lifecycle policies to delete the snapshots after 2 years.



# 260
A company’s compliance team needs to move its file shares to AWS. The shares run on a Windows Server SMB file share. A self-managed on-premises Active Directory controls access to the files and folders.

The company wants to use Amazon FSx for Windows File Server as part of the solution. The company must ensure that the on-premises Active Directory groups restrict access to the FSx for Windows File Server SMB compliance shares, folders, and files after the move to AWS. The company has created an FSx for Windows File Server file system.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Create an Active Directory Connector to connect to the Active Directory. Map the Active Directory groups to IAM groups to restrict access.
B. Assign a tag with a Restrict tag key and a Compliance tag value. Map the Active Directory groups to IAM groups to restrict access.
C. Create an IAM service-linked role that is linked directly to FSx for Windows File Server to restrict access.
D. Join the file system to the Active Directory to restrict access.


# 261
A company recently announced the deployment of its retail website to a global audience. The website runs on multiple Amazon EC2 instances behind an Elastic Load Balancer. The instances run in an Auto Scaling group across multiple Availability Zones.

The company wants to provide its customers with different versions of content based on the devices that the customers use to access the website.

Which combination of actions should a solutions architect take to meet these requirements? (Choose two.)

A. Configure Amazon CloudFront to cache multiple versions of the content.
B. Configure a host header in a Network Load Balancer to forward traffic to different instances.
C. Configure a Lambda@Edge function to send specific objects to users based on the User-Agent header.
D. Configure AWS Global Accelerator. Forward requests to a Network Load Balancer (NLB). Configure the NLB to set up host-based routing to different EC2 instances.
E. Configure AWS Global Accelerator. Forward requests to a Network Load Balancer (NLB). Configure the NLB to set up path-based routing to different EC2 instances.


# 262
A company plans to use Amazon ElastiCache for its multi-tier web application. A solutions architect creates a Cache VPC for the ElastiCache cluster and an App VPC for the application’s Amazon EC2 instances. Both VPCs are in the us-east-1 Region.

The solutions architect must implement a solution to provide the application’s EC2 instances with access to the ElastiCache cluster.

Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?

A. Create a peering connection between the VPCs. Add a route table entry for the peering connection in both VPCs. Configure an inbound rule for the ElastiCache cluster’s security group to allow inbound connection from the application’s security group.
B. Create a Transit VPC. Update the VPC route tables in the Cache VPC and the App VPC to route traffic through the Transit VPC. Configure an inbound rule for the ElastiCache cluster's security group to allow inbound connection from the application’s security group.
C. Create a peering connection between the VPCs. Add a route table entry for the peering connection in both VPCs. Configure an inbound rule for the peering connection’s security group to allow inbound connection from the application’s security group.
D. Create a Transit VPC. Update the VPC route tables in the Cache VPC and the App VPC to route traffic through the Transit VPC. Configure an inbound rule for the Transit VPC’s security group to allow inbound connection from the application’s security group.


# 263
A company is building an application that consists of several microservices. The company has decided to use container technologies to deploy its software on AWS. The company needs a solution that minimizes the amount of ongoing effort for maintenance and scaling. The company cannot manage additional infrastructure.

Which combination of actions should a solutions architect take to meet these requirements? (Choose two.)

A. Deploy an Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) cluster.
B. Deploy the Kubernetes control plane on Amazon EC2 instances that span multiple Availability Zones.
C. Deploy an Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) service with an Amazon EC2 launch type. Specify a desired task number level of greater than or equal to 2.
D. Deploy an Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) service with a Fargate launch type. Specify a desired task number level of greater than or equal to 2.
E. Deploy Kubernetes worker nodes on Amazon EC2 instances that span multiple Availability Zones. Create a deployment that specifies two or more replicas for each microservice.

# 264
A company has a web application hosted over 10 Amazon EC2 instances with traffic directed by Amazon Route 53. The company occasionally experiences a timeout error when attempting to browse the application. The networking team finds that some DNS queries return IP addresses of unhealthy instances, resulting in the timeout error.

What should a solutions architect implement to overcome these timeout errors?

A. Create a Route 53 simple routing policy record for each EC2 instance. Associate a health check with each record.
B. Create a Route 53 failover routing policy record for each EC2 instance. Associate a health check with each record.
C. Create an Amazon CloudFront distribution with EC2 instances as its origin. Associate a health check with the EC2 instances.
D. Create an Application Load Balancer (ALB) with a health check in front of the EC2 instances. Route to the ALB from Route 53.


# 265
A solutions architect needs to design a highly available application consisting of web, application, and database tiers. HTTPS content delivery should be as close to the edge as possible, with the least delivery time.

Which solution meets these requirements and is MOST secure?

A. Configure a public Application Load Balancer (ALB) with multiple redundant Amazon EC2 instances in public subnets. Configure Amazon CloudFront to deliver HTTPS content using the public ALB as the origin.
B. Configure a public Application Load Balancer with multiple redundant Amazon EC2 instances in private subnets. Configure Amazon CloudFront to deliver HTTPS content using the EC2 instances as the origin.
C. Configure a public Application Load Balancer (ALB) with multiple redundant Amazon EC2 instances in private subnets. Configure Amazon CloudFront to deliver HTTPS content using the public ALB as the origin.
D. Configure a public Application Load Balancer with multiple redundant Amazon EC2 instances in public subnets. Configure Amazon CloudFront to deliver HTTPS content using the EC2 instances as the origin.

# 266
A company has a popular gaming platform running on AWS. The application is sensitive to latency because latency can impact the user experience and introduce unfair advantages to some players. The application is deployed in every AWS Region. It runs on Amazon EC2 instances that are part of Auto Scaling groups configured behind Application Load Balancers (ALBs). A solutions architect needs to implement a mechanism to monitor the health of the application and redirect traffic to healthy endpoints.

Which solution meets these requirements?

A. Configure an accelerator in AWS Global Accelerator. Add a listener for the port that the application listens on, and attach it to a Regional endpoint in each Region. Add the ALB as the endpoint.
B. Create an Amazon CloudFront distribution and specify the ALB as the origin server. Configure the cache behavior to use origin cache headers. Use AWS Lambda functions to optimize the traffic.
C. Create an Amazon CloudFront distribution and specify Amazon S3 as the origin server. Configure the cache behavior to use origin cache headers. Use AWS Lambda functions to optimize the traffic.
D. Configure an Amazon DynamoDB database to serve as the data store for the application. Create a DynamoDB Accelerator (DAX) cluster to act as the in-memory cache for DynamoDB hosting the application data.

# 267
A company has one million users that use its mobile app. The company must analyze the data usage in near-real time. The company also must encrypt the data in near-real time and must store the data in a centralized location in Apache Parquet format for further processing.

Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?

A. Create an Amazon Kinesis data stream to store the data in Amazon S3. Create an Amazon Kinesis Data Analytics application to analyze the data. Invoke an AWS Lambda function to send the data to the Kinesis Data Analytics application.
B. Create an Amazon Kinesis data stream to store the data in Amazon S3. Create an Amazon EMR cluster to analyze the data. Invoke an AWS Lambda function to send the data to the EMR cluster.
C. Create an Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose delivery stream to store the data in Amazon S3. Create an Amazon EMR cluster to analyze the data.
D. Create an Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose delivery stream to store the data in Amazon S3. Create an Amazon Kinesis Data Analytics application to analyze the data.

# 268
A gaming company has a web application that displays scores. The application runs on Amazon EC2 instances behind an Application Load Balancer. The application stores data in an Amazon RDS for MySQL database. Users are starting to experience long delays and interruptions that are caused by database read performance. The company wants to improve the user experience while minimizing changes to the application’s architecture.

What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements?

A. Use Amazon ElastiCache in front of the database.
B. Use RDS Proxy between the application and the database.
C. Migrate the application from EC2 instances to AWS Lambda.
D. Migrate the database from Amazon RDS for MySQL to Amazon DynamoDB.

# 269
An ecommerce company has noticed performance degradation of its Amazon RDS based web application. The performance degradation is attributed to an increase in the number of read-only SQL queries triggered by business analysts. A solutions architect needs to solve the problem with minimal changes to the existing web application.

What should the solutions architect recommend?

A. Export the data to Amazon DynamoDB and have the business analysts run their queries.
B. Load the data into Amazon ElastiCache and have the business analysts run their queries.
C. Create a read replica of the primary database and have the business analysts run their queries.
D. Copy the data into an Amazon Redshift cluster and have the business analysts run their queries.

# 270
A company is using a centralized AWS account to store log data in various Amazon S3 buckets. A solutions architect needs to ensure that the data is encrypted at rest before the data is uploaded to the S3 buckets. The data also must be encrypted in transit.

Which solution meets these requirements?

A. Use client-side encryption to encrypt the data that is being uploaded to the S3 buckets.
B. Use server-side encryption to encrypt the data that is being uploaded to the S3 buckets.
C. Create bucket policies that require the use of server-side encryption with S3 managed encryption keys (SSE-S3) for S3 uploads.
D. Enable the security option to encrypt the S3 buckets through the use of a default AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) key.

# 271
A solutions architect observes that a nightly batch processing job is automatically scaled up for 1 hour before the desired Amazon EC2 capacity is reached. The peak capacity is the same every night and the batch jobs always start at 1 AM. The solutions architect needs to find a cost-effective solution that will allow for the desired EC2 capacity to be reached quickly and allow the Auto Scaling group to scale down after the batch jobs are complete.

What should the solutions architect do to meet these requirements?

A. Increase the minimum capacity for the Auto Scaling group.
B. Increase the maximum capacity for the Auto Scaling group.
C. Configure scheduled scaling to scale up to the desired compute level.
D. Change the scaling policy to add more EC2 instances during each scaling operation.

# 272
A company serves a dynamic website from a fleet of Amazon EC2 instances behind an Application Load Balancer (ALB). The website needs to support multiple languages to serve customers around the world. The website’s architecture is running in the us-west-1 Region and is exhibiting high request latency for users that are located in other parts of the world.

The website needs to serve requests quickly and efficiently regardless of a user’s location. However, the company does not want to recreate the existing architecture across multiple Regions.

What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements?

A. Replace the existing architecture with a website that is served from an Amazon S3 bucket. Configure an Amazon CloudFront distribution with the S3 bucket as the origin. Set the cache behavior settings to cache based on the Accept-Language request header.
B. Configure an Amazon CloudFront distribution with the ALB as the origin. Set the cache behavior settings to cache based on the Accept-Language request header.
C. Create an Amazon API Gateway API that is integrated with the ALB. Configure the API to use the HTTP integration type. Set up an API Gateway stage to enable the API cache based on the Accept-Language request header.
D. Launch an EC2 instance in each additional Region and configure NGINX to act as a cache server for that Region. Put all the EC2 instances and the ALB behind an Amazon Route 53 record set with a geolocation routing policy.

# 273
A rapidly growing ecommerce company is running its workloads in a single AWS Region. A solutions architect must create a disaster recovery (DR) strategy that includes a different AWS Region. The company wants its database to be up to date in the DR Region with the least possible latency. The remaining infrastructure in the DR Region needs to run at reduced capacity and must be able to scale up if necessary.

Which solution will meet these requirements with the LOWEST recovery time objective (RTO)?

A. Use an Amazon Aurora global database with a pilot light deployment.
B. Use an Amazon Aurora global database with a warm standby deployment.
C. Use an Amazon RDS Multi-AZ DB instance with a pilot light deployment.
D. Use an Amazon RDS Multi-AZ DB instance with a warm standby deployment.

# 274
A company runs an application on Amazon EC2 instances. The company needs to implement a disaster recovery (DR) solution for the application. The DR solution needs to have a recovery time objective (RTO) of less than 4 hours. The DR solution also needs to use the fewest possible AWS resources during normal operations.

Which solution will meet these requirements in the MOST operationally efficient way?

A. Create Amazon Machine Images (AMIs) to back up the EC2 instances. Copy the AMIs to a secondary AWS Region. Automate infrastructure deployment in the secondary Region by using AWS Lambda and custom scripts.
B. Create Amazon Machine Images (AMIs) to back up the EC2 instances. Copy the AMIs to a secondary AWS Region. Automate infrastructure deployment in the secondary Region by using AWS CloudFormation.
C. Launch EC2 instances in a secondary AWS Region. Keep the EC2 instances in the secondary Region active at all times.
D. Launch EC2 instances in a secondary Availability Zone. Keep the EC2 instances in the secondary Availability Zone active at all times.


# 275
A company runs an internal browser-based application. The application runs on Amazon EC2 instances behind an Application Load Balancer. The instances run in an Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling group across multiple Availability Zones. The Auto Scaling group scales up to 20 instances during work hours, but scales down to 2 instances overnight. Staff are complaining that the application is very slow when the day begins, although it runs well by mid-morning.

How should the scaling be changed to address the staff complaints and keep costs to a minimum?

A. Implement a scheduled action that sets the desired capacity to 20 shortly before the office opens.
B. Implement a step scaling action triggered at a lower CPU threshold, and decrease the cooldown period.
C. Implement a target tracking action triggered at a lower CPU threshold, and decrease the cooldown period.
D. Implement a scheduled action that sets the minimum and maximum capacity to 20 shortly before the office opens.

# 276
A company has a multi-tier application deployed on several Amazon EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group. An Amazon RDS for Oracle instance is the application’ s data layer that uses Oracle-specific PL/SQL functions. Traffic to the application has been steadily increasing. This is causing the EC2 instances to become overloaded and the RDS instance to run out of storage. The Auto Scaling group does not have any scaling metrics and defines the minimum healthy instance count only. The company predicts that traffic will continue to increase at a steady but unpredictable rate before leveling off.

What should a solutions architect do to ensure the system can automatically scale for the increased traffic? (Choose two.)

A. Configure storage Auto Scaling on the RDS for Oracle instance.
B. Migrate the database to Amazon Aurora to use Auto Scaling storage.
C. Configure an alarm on the RDS for Oracle instance for low free storage space.
D. Configure the Auto Scaling group to use the average CPU as the scaling metric.
E. Configure the Auto Scaling group to use the average free memory as the scaling metric.

# 277
A company provides an online service for posting video content and transcoding it for use by any mobile platform. The application architecture uses Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) Standard to collect and store the videos so that multiple Amazon EC2 Linux instances can access the video content for processing. As the popularity of the service has grown over time, the storage costs have become too expensive.

Which storage solution is MOST cost-effective?

A. Use AWS Storage Gateway for files to store and process the video content.
B. Use AWS Storage Gateway for volumes to store and process the video content.
C. Use Amazon EFS for storing the video content. Once processing is complete, transfer the files to Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS).
D. Use Amazon S3 for storing the video content. Move the files temporarily over to an Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume attached to the server for processing.

# 278
A company wants to create an application to store employee data in a hierarchical structured relationship. The company needs a minimum-latency response to high-traffic queries for the employee data and must protect any sensitive data. The company also needs to receive monthly email messages if any financial information is present in the employee data.

Which combination of steps should a solutions architect take to meet these requirements? (Choose two.)

A. Use Amazon Redshift to store the employee data in hierarchies. Unload the data to Amazon S3 every month.
B. Use Amazon DynamoDB to store the employee data in hierarchies. Export the data to Amazon S3 every month.
C. Configure Amazon Macie for the AWS account. Integrate Macie with Amazon EventBridge to send monthly events to AWS Lambda.
D. Use Amazon Athena to analyze the employee data in Amazon S3. Integrate Athena with Amazon QuickSight to publish analysis dashboards and share the dashboards with users.
E. Configure Amazon Macie for the AWS account. Integrate Macie with Amazon EventBridge to send monthly notifications through an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) subscription.

# 279
A company has an application that is backed by an Amazon DynamoDB table. The company’s compliance requirements specify that database backups must be taken every month, must be available for 6 months, and must be retained for 7 years.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Create an AWS Backup plan to back up the DynamoDB table on the first day of each month. Specify a lifecycle policy that transitions the backup to cold storage after 6 months. Set the retention period for each backup to 7 years.
B. Create a DynamoDB on-demand backup of the DynamoDB table on the first day of each month. Transition the backup to Amazon S3 Glacier Flexible Retrieval after 6 months. Create an S3 Lifecycle policy to delete backups that are older than 7 years.
C. Use the AWS SDK to develop a script that creates an on-demand backup of the DynamoDB table. Set up an Amazon EventBridge rule that runs the script on the first day of each month. Create a second script that will run on the second day of each month to transition DynamoDB backups that are older than 6 months to cold storage and to delete backups that are older than 7 years.
D. Use the AWS CLI to create an on-demand backup of the DynamoDB table. Set up an Amazon EventBridge rule that runs the command on the first day of each month with a cron expression. Specify in the command to transition the backups to cold storage after 6 months and to delete the backups after 7 years.

# 280
A company is using Amazon CloudFront with its website. The company has enabled logging on the CloudFront distribution, and logs are saved in one of the company’s Amazon S3 buckets. The company needs to perform advanced analyses on the logs and build visualizations.

What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements?

A. Use standard SQL queries in Amazon Athena to analyze the CloudFront logs in the S3 bucket. Visualize the results with AWS Glue.
B. Use standard SQL queries in Amazon Athena to analyze the CloudFront logs in the S3 bucket. Visualize the results with Amazon QuickSight.
C. Use standard SQL queries in Amazon DynamoDB to analyze the CloudFront logs in the S3 bucket. Visualize the results with AWS Glue.
D. Use standard SQL queries in Amazon DynamoDB to analyze the CloudFront logs in the S3 bucket. Visualize the results with Amazon QuickSight.