# 281
A company runs a fleet of web servers using an Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL DB instance. After a routine compliance check, the company sets a standard that requires a recovery point objective (RPO) of less than 1 second for all its production databases.

Which solution meets these requirements?

A. Enable a Multi-AZ deployment for the DB instance.
B. Enable auto scaling for the DB instance in one Availability Zone.
C. Configure the DB instance in one Availability Zone, and create multiple read replicas in a separate Availability Zone.
D. Configure the DB instance in one Availability Zone, and configure AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) change data capture (CDC) tasks.

# 282
A company runs a web application that is deployed on Amazon EC2 instances in the private subnet of a VPC. An Application Load Balancer (ALB) that extends across the public subnets directs web traffic to the EC2 instances. The company wants to implement new security measures to restrict inbound traffic from the ALB to the EC2 instances while preventing access from any other source inside or outside the private subnet of the EC2 instances.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Configure a route in a route table to direct traffic from the internet to the private IP addresses of the EC2 instances.
B. Configure the security group for the EC2 instances to only allow traffic that comes from the security group for the ALB.
C. Move the EC2 instances into the public subnet. Give the EC2 instances a set of Elastic IP addresses.
D. Configure the security group for the ALB to allow any TCP traffic on any port.

# 283
A research company runs experiments that are powered by a simulation application and a visualization application. The simulation application runs on Linux and outputs intermediate data to an NFS share every 5 minutes. The visualization application is a Windows desktop application that displays the simulation output and requires an SMB file system.

The company maintains two synchronized file systems. This strategy is causing data duplication and inefficient resource usage. The company needs to migrate the applications to AWS without making code changes to either application.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Migrate both applications to AWS Lambda. Create an Amazon S3 bucket to exchange data between the applications.
B. Migrate both applications to Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS). Configure Amazon FSx File Gateway for storage.
C. Migrate the simulation application to Linux Amazon EC2 instances. Migrate the visualization application to Windows EC2 instances. Configure Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) to exchange data between the applications.
D. Migrate the simulation application to Linux Amazon EC2 instances. Migrate the visualization application to Windows EC2 instances. Configure Amazon FSx for NetApp ONTAP for storage.

# 284
As part of budget planning, management wants a report of AWS billed items listed by user. The data will be used to create department budgets. A solutions architect needs to determine the most efficient way to obtain this report information.

Which solution meets these requirements?

A. Run a query with Amazon Athena to generate the report.
B. Create a report in Cost Explorer and download the report.
C. Access the bill details from the billing dashboard and download the bill.
D. Modify a cost budget in AWS Budgets to alert with Amazon Simple Email Service (Amazon SES).

# 285
A company hosts its static website by using Amazon S3. The company wants to add a contact form to its webpage. The contact form will have dynamic server-side components for users to input their name, email address, phone number, and user message. The company anticipates that there will be fewer than 100 site visits each month.

Which solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?

A. Host a dynamic contact form page in Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS). Set up Amazon Simple Email Service (Amazon SES) to connect to any third-party email provider.

B. Create an Amazon API Gateway endpoint with an AWS Lambda backend that makes a call to Amazon Simple Email Service (Amazon SES).

C. Convert the static webpage to dynamic by deploying Amazon Lightsail. Use client-side scripting to build the contact form. Integrate the form with Amazon WorkMail.

D. Create a t2.micro Amazon EC2 instance. Deploy a LAMP (Linux, Apache, MySQL, PHP/Perl/Python) stack to host the webpage. Use client-side scripting to build the contact form. Integrate the form with Amazon WorkMail.

# 286
A company has a static website that is hosted on Amazon CloudFront in front of Amazon S3. The static website uses a database backend. The company notices that the website does not reflect updates that have been made in the website’s Git repository. The company checks the continuous integration and continuous delivery (CI/CD) pipeline between the Git repository and Amazon S3. The company verifies that the webhooks are configured properly and that the CI/CD pipeline is sending messages that indicate successful deployments.

A solutions architect needs to implement a solution that displays the updates on the website.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Add an Application Load Balancer.
B. Add Amazon ElastiCache for Redis or Memcached to the database layer of the web application.
C. Invalidate the CloudFront cache.
D. Use AWS Certificate Manager (ACM) to validate the website’s SSL certificate.

# 287
A company wants to migrate a Windows-based application from on premises to the AWS Cloud. The application has three tiers: an application tier, a business tier, and a database tier with Microsoft SQL Server. The company wants to use specific features of SQL Server such as native backups and Data Quality Services. The company also needs to share files for processing between the tiers.

How should a solutions architect design the architecture to meet these requirements?

A. Host all three tiers on Amazon EC2 instances. Use Amazon FSx File Gateway for file sharing between the tiers.
B. Host all three tiers on Amazon EC2 instances. Use Amazon FSx for Windows File Server for file sharing between the tiers.
C. Host the application tier and the business tier on Amazon EC2 instances. Host the database tier on Amazon RDS. Use Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) for file sharing between the tiers.
D. Host the application tier and the business tier on Amazon EC2 instances. Host the database tier on Amazon RDS. Use a Provisioned IOPS SSD (io2) Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume for file sharing between the tiers.

# 288
A company is migrating a Linux-based web server group to AWS. The web servers must access files in a shared file store for some content. The company must not make any changes to the application.

What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements?

A. Create an Amazon S3 Standard bucket with access to the web servers.
B. Configure an Amazon CloudFront distribution with an Amazon S3 bucket as the origin.
C. Create an Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) file system. Mount the EFS file system on all web servers.
D. Configure a General Purpose SSD (gp3) Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume. Mount the EBS volume to all web servers.

# 289
A company has an AWS Lambda function that needs read access to an Amazon S3 bucket that is located in the same AWS account.

Which solution will meet these requirements in the MOST secure manner?

A. Apply an S3 bucket policy that grants read access to the S3 bucket.
B. Apply an IAM role to the Lambda function. Apply an IAM policy to the role to grant read access to the S3 bucket.
C. Embed an access key and a secret key in the Lambda function’s code to grant the required IAM permissions for read access to the S3 bucket.
D. Apply an IAM role to the Lambda function. Apply an IAM policy to the role to grant read access to all S3 buckets in the account.

# 290
A company hosts a web application on multiple Amazon EC2 instances. The EC2 instances are in an Auto Scaling group that scales in response to user demand. The company wants to optimize cost savings without making a long-term commitment.

Which EC2 instance purchasing option should a solutions architect recommend to meet these requirements?

A. Dedicated Instances only
B. On-Demand Instances only
C. A mix of On-Demand Instances and Spot Instances
D. A mix of On-Demand Instances and Reserved Instances

# 291
A media company uses Amazon CloudFront for its publicly available streaming video content. The company wants to secure the video content that is hosted in Amazon S3 by controlling who has access. Some of the company’s users are using a custom HTTP client that does not support cookies. Some of the company’s users are unable to change the hardcoded URLs that they are using for access.

Which services or methods will meet these requirements with the LEAST impact to the users? (Choose two.)

A. Signed cookies
B. Signed URLs
C. AWS AppSync
D. JSON Web Token (JWT)
E. AWS Secrets Manager

# 292
A company is preparing a new data platform that will ingest real-time streaming data from multiple sources. The company needs to transform the data before writing the data to Amazon S3. The company needs the ability to use SQL to query the transformed data.

Which solutions will meet these requirements? (Choose two.)

A. Use Amazon Kinesis Data Streams to stream the data. Use Amazon Kinesis Data Analytics to transform the data. Use Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose to write the data to Amazon S3. Use Amazon Athena to query the transformed data from Amazon S3.
B. Use Amazon Managed Streaming for Apache Kafka (Amazon MSK) to stream the data. Use AWS Glue to transform the data and to write the data to Amazon S3. Use Amazon Athena to query the transformed data from Amazon S3.
C. Use AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) to ingest the data. Use Amazon EMR to transform the data and to write the data to Amazon S3. Use Amazon Athena to query the transformed data from Amazon S3.
D. Use Amazon Managed Streaming for Apache Kafka (Amazon MSK) to stream the data. Use Amazon Kinesis Data Analytics to transform the data and to write the data to Amazon S3. Use the Amazon RDS query editor to query the transformed data from Amazon S3.
E. Use Amazon Kinesis Data Streams to stream the data. Use AWS Glue to transform the data. Use Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose to write the data to Amazon S3. Use the Amazon RDS query editor to query the transformed data from Amazon S3.


# 293
A company has an on-premises volume backup solution that has reached its end of life. The company wants to use AWS as part of a new backup solution and wants to maintain local access to all the data while it is backed up on AWS. The company wants to ensure that the data backed up on AWS is automatically and securely transferred.

Which solution meets these requirements?

A. Use AWS Snowball to migrate data out of the on-premises solution to Amazon S3. Configure on-premises systems to mount the Snowball S3 endpoint to provide local access to the data.

B. Use AWS Snowball Edge to migrate data out of the on-premises solution to Amazon S3. Use the Snowball Edge file interface to provide on-premises systems with local access to the data.

C. Use AWS Storage Gateway and configure a cached volume gateway. Run the Storage Gateway software appliance on premises and configure a percentage of data to cache locally. Mount the gateway storage volumes to provide local access to the data.

D. Use AWS Storage Gateway and configure a stored volume gateway. Run the Storage Gateway software appliance on premises and map the gateway storage volumes to on-premises storage. Mount the gateway storage volumes to provide local access to the data.


# 294
An application that is hosted on Amazon EC2 instances needs to access an Amazon S3 bucket. Traffic must not traverse the internet.

How should a solutions architect configure access to meet these requirements?

A. Create a private hosted zone by using Amazon Route 53.
B. Set up a gateway VPC endpoint for Amazon S3 in the VPC.
C. Configure the EC2 instances to use a NAT gateway to access the S3 bucket.
D. Establish an AWS Site-to-Site VPN connection between the VPC and the S3 bucket.

# 295
An ecommerce company stores terabytes of customer data in the AWS Cloud. The data contains personally identifiable information (PII). The company wants to use the data in three applications. Only one of the applications needs to process the PII. The PII must be removed before the other two applications process the data.

Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?

A. Store the data in an Amazon DynamoDB table. Create a proxy application layer to intercept and process the data that each application requests.
B. Store the data in an Amazon S3 bucket. Process and transform the data by using S3 Object Lambda before returning the data to the requesting application.
C. Process the data and store the transformed data in three separate Amazon S3 buckets so that each application has its own custom dataset. Point each application to its respective S3 bucket.
D. Process the data and store the transformed data in three separate Amazon DynamoDB tables so that each application has its own custom dataset. Point each application to its respective DynamoDB table.

# 296
A development team has launched a new application that is hosted on Amazon EC2 instances inside a development VPC. A solutions architect needs to create a new VPC in the same account. The new VPC will be peered with the development VPC. The VPC CIDR block for the development VPC is 192.168.0.0/24. The solutions architect needs to create a CIDR block for the new VPC. The CIDR block must be valid for a VPC peering connection to the development VPC.

What is the SMALLEST CIDR block that meets these requirements?

A. 10.0.1.0/32
B. 192.168.0.0/24
C. 192.168.1.0/32
D. 10.0.1.0/24

# 297
A company deploys an application on five Amazon EC2 instances. An Application Load Balancer (ALB) distributes traffic to the instances by using a target group. The average CPU usage on each of the instances is below 10% most of the time, with occasional surges to 65%.

A solutions architect needs to implement a solution to automate the scalability of the application. The solution must optimize the cost of the architecture and must ensure that the application has enough CPU resources when surges occur.

Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Create an Amazon CloudWatch alarm that enters the ALARM state when the CPUUtilization metric is less than 20%. Create an AWS Lambda function that the CloudWatch alarm invokes to terminate one of the EC2 instances in the ALB target group.

B. Create an EC2 Auto Scaling group. Select the existing ALB as the load balancer and the existing target group as the target group. Set a target tracking scaling policy that is based on the ASGAverageCPUUtilization metric. Set the minimum instances to 2, the desired capacity to 3, the maximum instances to 6, and the target value to 50%. Add the EC2 instances to the Auto Scaling group.

C. Create an EC2 Auto Scaling group. Select the existing ALB as the load balancer and the existing target group as the target group. Set the minimum instances to 2, the desired capacity to 3, and the maximum instances to 6. Add the EC2 instances to the Auto Scaling group.

D. Create two Amazon CloudWatch alarms. Configure the first CloudWatch alarm to enter the ALARM state when the average CPUUtilization metric is below 20%. Configure the second CloudWatch alarm to enter the ALARM state when the average CPUUtilization matric is above 50%. Configure the alarms to publish to an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic to send an email message. After receiving the message, log in to decrease or increase the number of EC2 instances that are running.

# 298
A company is running a critical business application on Amazon EC2 instances behind an Application Load Balancer. The EC2 instances run in an Auto Scaling group and access an Amazon RDS DB instance.

The design did not pass an operational review because the EC2 instances and the DB instance are all located in a single Availability Zone. A solutions architect must update the design to use a second Availability Zone.

Which solution will make the application highly available?

A. Provision a subnet in each Availability Zone. Configure the Auto Scaling group to distribute the EC2 instances across both Availability Zones. Configure the DB instance with connections to each network.

B. Provision two subnets that extend across both Availability Zones. Configure the Auto Scaling group to distribute the EC2 instances across both Availability Zones. Configure the DB instance with connections to each network.

C. Provision a subnet in each Availability Zone. Configure the Auto Scaling group to distribute the EC2 instances across both Availability Zones. Configure the DB instance for Multi-AZ deployment.

D. Provision a subnet that extends across both Availability Zones. Configure the Auto Scaling group to distribute the EC2 instances across both Availability Zones. Configure the DB instance for Multi-AZ deployment.

# 299
A research laboratory needs to process approximately 8 TB of data. The laboratory requires sub-millisecond latencies and a minimum throughput of 6 GBps for the storage subsystem. Hundreds of Amazon EC2 instances that run Amazon Linux will distribute and process the data.

Which solution will meet the performance requirements?

A. Create an Amazon FSx for NetApp ONTAP file system. Sat each volume’ tiering policy to ALL. Import the raw data into the file system. Mount the fila system on the EC2 instances.

B. Create an Amazon S3 bucket to store the raw data. Create an Amazon FSx for Lustre file system that uses persistent SSD storage. Select the option to import data from and export data to Amazon S3. Mount the file system on the EC2 instances.

C. Create an Amazon S3 bucket to store the raw data. Create an Amazon FSx for Lustre file system that uses persistent HDD storage. Select the option to import data from and export data to Amazon S3. Mount the file system on the EC2 instances.

D. Create an Amazon FSx for NetApp ONTAP file system. Set each volume’s tiering policy to NONE. Import the raw data into the file system. Mount the file system on the EC2 instances.

# 300
A company needs to migrate a legacy application from an on-premises data center to the AWS Cloud because of hardware capacity constraints. The application runs 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. The application’s database storage continues to grow over time.

What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?

A. Migrate the application layer to Amazon EC2 Spot Instances. Migrate the data storage layer to Amazon S3.
B. Migrate the application layer to Amazon EC2 Reserved Instances. Migrate the data storage layer to Amazon RDS On-Demand Instances.
C. Migrate the application layer to Amazon EC2 Reserved Instances. Migrate the data storage layer to Amazon Aurora Reserved Instances.
D. Migrate the application layer to Amazon EC2 On-Demand Instances. Migrate the data storage layer to Amazon RDS Reserved Instances.

# 301
A university research laboratory needs to migrate 30 TB of data from an on-premises Windows file server to Amazon FSx for Windows File Server. The laboratory has a 1 Gbps network link that many other departments in the university share.

The laboratory wants to implement a data migration service that will maximize the performance of the data transfer. However, the laboratory needs to be able to control the amount of bandwidth that the service uses to minimize the impact on other departments. The data migration must take place within the next 5 days.

Which AWS solution will meet these requirements?

A. AWS Snowcone
B. Amazon FSx File Gateway
C. AWS DataSync
D. AWS Transfer Family

# 302
A company wants to create a mobile app that allows users to stream slow-motion video clips on their mobile devices. Currently, the app captures video clips and uploads the video clips in raw format into an Amazon S3 bucket. The app retrieves these video clips directly from the S3 bucket. However, the videos are large in their raw format.

Users are experiencing issues with buffering and playback on mobile devices. The company wants to implement solutions to maximize the performance and scalability of the app while minimizing operational overhead.

Which combination of solutions will meet these requirements? (Choose two.)

A. Deploy Amazon CloudFront for content delivery and caching.
B. Use AWS DataSync to replicate the video files across AW'S Regions in other S3 buckets.
C. Use Amazon Elastic Transcoder to convert the video files to more appropriate formats.
D. Deploy an Auto Sealing group of Amazon EC2 instances in Local Zones for content delivery and caching.
E. Deploy an Auto Scaling group of Amazon EC2 instances to convert the video files to more appropriate formats.

# 303
A company is launching a new application deployed on an Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) cluster and is using the Fargate launch type for ECS tasks. The company is monitoring CPU and memory usage because it is expecting high traffic to the application upon its launch. However, the company wants to reduce costs when utilization decreases.

What should a solutions architect recommend?

A. Use Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling to scale at certain periods based on previous traffic patterns.
B. Use an AWS Lambda function to scale Amazon ECS based on metric breaches that trigger an Amazon CloudWatch alarm.
C. Use Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling with simple scaling policies to scale when ECS metric breaches trigger an Amazon CloudWatch alarm.
D. Use AWS Application Auto Scaling with target tracking policies to scale when ECS metric breaches trigger an Amazon CloudWatch alarm.

# 304
A company recently created a disaster recovery site in a different AWS Region. The company needs to transfer large amounts of data back and forth between NFS file systems in the two Regions on a periodic basis.

Which solution will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational overhead?

A. Use AWS DataSync.
B. Use AWS Snowball devices.
C. Set up an SFTP server on Amazon EC2.
D. Use AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS).

# 305
A company is designing a shared storage solution for a gaming application that is hosted in the AWS Cloud. The company needs the ability to use SMB clients to access data. The solution must be fully managed.

Which AWS solution meets these requirements?

A. Create an AWS DataSync task that shares the data as a mountable file system. Mount the file system to the application server.
B. Create an Amazon EC2 Windows instance. Install and configure a Windows file share role on the instance. Connect the application server to the file share.
C. Create an Amazon FSx for Windows File Server file system. Attach the file system to the origin server. Connect the application server to the file system.
D. Create an Amazon S3 bucket. Assign an IAM role to the application to grant access to the S3 bucket. Mount the S3 bucket to the application server.

# 306
A company wants to run an in-memory database for a latency-sensitive application that runs on Amazon EC2 instances. The application processes more than 100,000 transactions each minute and requires high network throughput. A solutions architect needs to provide a cost-effective network design that minimizes data transfer charges.

Which solution meets these requirements?

A. Launch all EC2 instances in the same Availability Zone within the same AWS Region. Specify a placement group with cluster strategy when launching EC2 instances.
B. Launch all EC2 instances in different Availability Zones within the same AWS Region. Specify a placement group with partition strategy when launching EC2 instances.
C. Deploy an Auto Scaling group to launch EC2 instances in different Availability Zones based on a network utilization target.
D. Deploy an Auto Scaling group with a step scaling policy to launch EC2 instances in different Availability Zones.

# 307
A company that primarily runs its application servers on premises has decided to migrate to AWS. The company wants to minimize its need to scale its Internet Small Computer Systems Interface (iSCSI) storage on premises. The company wants only its recently accessed data to remain stored locally.

Which AWS solution should the company use to meet these requirements?

A. Amazon S3 File Gateway
B. AWS Storage Gateway Tape Gateway
C. AWS Storage Gateway Volume Gateway stored volumes
D. AWS Storage Gateway Volume Gateway cached volumes

# 308
A company has multiple AWS accounts that use consolidated billing. The company runs several active high performance Amazon RDS for Oracle On-Demand DB instances for 90 days. The company’s finance team has access to AWS Trusted Advisor in the consolidated billing account and all other AWS accounts.

The finance team needs to use the appropriate AWS account to access the Trusted Advisor check recommendations for RDS. The finance team must review the appropriate Trusted Advisor check to reduce RDS costs.

Which combination of steps should the finance team take to meet these requirements? (Choose two.)

A. Use the Trusted Advisor recommendations from the account where the RDS instances are running.
B. Use the Trusted Advisor recommendations from the consolidated billing account to see all RDS instance checks at the same time.
C. Review the Trusted Advisor check for Amazon RDS Reserved Instance Optimization.
D. Review the Trusted Advisor check for Amazon RDS Idle DB Instances.
E. Review the Trusted Advisor check for Amazon Redshift Reserved Node Optimization.

# 309
A solutions architect needs to optimize storage costs. The solutions architect must identify any Amazon S3 buckets that are no longer being accessed or are rarely accessed.

Which solution will accomplish this goal with the LEAST operational overhead?

A. Analyze bucket access patterns by using the S3 Storage Lens dashboard for advanced activity metrics.
B. Analyze bucket access patterns by using the S3 dashboard in the AWS Management Console.
C. Turn on the Amazon CloudWatch BucketSizeBytes metric for buckets. Analyze bucket access patterns by using the metrics data with Amazon Athena.
D. Turn on AWS CloudTrail for S3 object monitoring. Analyze bucket access patterns by using CloudTrail logs that are integrated with Amazon CloudWatch Logs.

# 310
A company sells datasets to customers who do research in artificial intelligence and machine learning (AI/ML). The datasets are large, formatted files that are stored in an Amazon S3 bucket in the us-east-1 Region. The company hosts a web application that the customers use to purchase access to a given dataset. The web application is deployed on multiple Amazon EC2 instances behind an Application Load Balancer. After a purchase is made, customers receive an S3 signed URL that allows access to the files.

The customers are distributed across North America and Europe. The company wants to reduce the cost that is associated with data transfers and wants to maintain or improve performance.

What should a solutions architect do to meet these requirements?

A. Configure S3 Transfer Acceleration on the existing S3 bucket. Direct customer requests to the S3 Transfer Acceleration endpoint. Continue to use S3 signed URLs for access control.
B. Deploy an Amazon CloudFront distribution with the existing S3 bucket as the origin. Direct customer requests to the CloudFront URL. Switch to CloudFront signed URLs for access control.
C. Set up a second S3 bucket in the eu-central-1 Region with S3 Cross-Region Replication between the buckets. Direct customer requests to the closest Region. Continue to use S3 signed URLs for access control.
D. Modify the web application to enable streaming of the datasets to end users. Configure the web application to read the data from the existing S3 bucket. Implement access control directly in the application.

